If sterilization of a metal component is necessary, the following parameters are recommended as they have been validated for a Sterilization Assurance Level (SAL) of 10-6.
this is a test.
INTERPRETATION OF SYMBOLS
If it is believed that a loosening of the prosthesis may have occurred, in particular due to pain and progressive alterations in the x-rays, it is advisable to increase the frequency of the controls; new warnings and instructions concerning additional restrictions on activity may also be given to the patient.
The customer of the user of the HD Camera Control System should ensure that it is used in such an environment.
5.4 Adjusting Advanced Settings 24
4.5.7 Indifferent Electrode Connections 18
The stainless steel used is an austenitic material based on iron with a composition of 21% chromium, 10% nickel, 2.5% molybdenum and 3% manganese conforming to ISO 5832-9.
Table 8. Suction Settings
The acetabulum is to be replaced with a DePuy 2 piece metal backed UHMWPE, ceramic or metal cup or all UHMWPE acetabular cup component that utilizes an UHMWPE, ceramic or metal* bearing surface with an inside diameter corresponding to the outside diameter of the modular femoral head that is utilized.
115.2 kb/s max.
Final Harris Hip Score (range) (F)
All components of the LCS® Complete™ Duofix® and Duofix® M.B.T. Tray Mobile Bearing Total Knee System are supplied prepacked and sterile.
The use of SmartSet GHV Gentamicin Bone Cement is contraindicated in the presence of the condition Myasthenia Gravis.
Loss of Video
Do not use the endoscope with Xenon light sources greater than W, or serious burns may occur.
Bolts are packaged with the proximal bodies, as well as being offered separately.
4.0mm Barrel Burr
Label the contents of the wrapped implant using an indelible marker or other sterilization compatible label system.
Presure Setting = Desired Joint Pressure - Pressure Correction
Acrylic resins are heat sensitive.
The nMARQ™ Multi‑Channel RF Generator is used with irrigated catheters; monitor the irrigation flow rate to avoid problems caused by insufficient irrigation flow.
This preset is always the first in the list and it cannot be deleted.
Remove the catheter and see whether the room temperature is measured.
The catheter is available in an asymmetric "D-XR" curve combination, providing two 180° opposed, single planed curves.
Distal Centralisers are indicated for use only with cemented femoral stems using PMMA bone cement and should be assembled on to the distal tip of the stem prior to implantation.
This operation generates a'corkscrew' action which should be repeated 30 times.
The device reinforces soft tissue and provides a resorbable scaffold that is replaced by the patient's own soft tissue.
When assembling to standard rails (vertical, horizontal), poles, ITD profiles, ceiling lights, supply ducts or manufacturer-specific connections, make sure that there is sufficient stability.
Press a gray date button and use the Data Entry Knob to change the date.
Follow carefully the supplied instructions for handling and mixing CONFIDENCE High Viscosity Spinal Cement.
There is a risk of failure of the implant if fusion of the spine does not occur.
Maintain earth potential at the same level between Link+ Agilia rack circuit and the circuit of the remote equipment.
Go To Media Settings Screen
ASYMMETRICAL DEFLECTABLE TIP - THERMOCOUPLE
[Par 37]: Alarm system
Replace the paper roll on the Printer.
Link is not designed to be used outdoors, in homecare, ambulances, helicopters, aircraft, submarines, boats, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) environments, hyperbaric chambers, explosive or flammable environment or ultrasonic and ionizing radiation (eg:
We hereby declare under our sole responsibility that the distributed CE Marked products, specified in Section below, conform with the Essential Requirements and other relevant requirements of the Radio Equipment Directive (//EU).
Thus, failure to use the optimum size implant, failure to adequately seat the component adjacent to adequate bone and failure to ensure that the component is stable may result in dislocation, subsidence, fracture, suboptimal extensor mechanism function, or loosening of the components.
To remove any coagulum, if present, a sterile gauze pad dampened with sterile saline may be used to gently wipe the tip section clean; do not scrub or twist the tip as damage to the tip electrode and/or micro-electrode bonds may occur and loosen the tip electrode and/or micro electrode bond may occur and loosen the tip electrode or damage may also occur to the contact force sensor and affect measurement accuracy.
Connect the PIU to the generator via the appropriate Biosense Webster cables.
Extensive testing was conducted on all materials that comprise the AMS 700 Penile Prosthesis.
• Cases where the screw-plate combination would cross open epiphyseal plates in skeletally immature patients.
For optimal soft tissue resection, run Blade in Oscillation Mode.
The femoral canal is reamed in a manner consistent with the type or style of femoral prosthesis to be utilized.
The following conditions, singularly or concurrently, tend to impose severe loading on the affected extremity, thereby placing the patient at higher risk for failure of the total hip replacement:
Urination Impaired (Slow Stream, Split Stream, Voiding Difficulties or Obstructive Symptoms)
Therefore, the advantages and disadvantages should be considered carefully before this procedure is performed in prepubertal children.
The device guarantees the triggering of high-level priority alarms in every use condition.
To lower the front panel, gently pull the front panel forward slightly and then let it glide backward.
To become familiar with operation of the generator and to avoid damaging the device, the user should practice using the generator and all accessories by simulating ablation in a container of irrigation solution using a sponge to perform the ablation.
Consistent use of prophylactic antibiotics;
Device labelling 14
Prepare the detergent-disinfectant solution.
It is recommended that ablation be performed using a moderate, effective RF power setting.
Press the arrow keys to scroll to the drug's name, and press OK.
Electrode # - delta impedance is too high.
When tibial augments are used with the ATTUNE Revision RP Tibial Base, only the 29 mm ATTUNE Tibial Sleeves may be used.
The generator might cause radio interference or might disrupt the operation of nearby equipment.
If any motion between the prosthesis and bone is detected, the prosthesis should be removed and an alternate cemented prosthesis implanted.
Link+ Agilia rack system is intended to power Agilia IV pumps, organize in a logical way bedside infusion pumps mounting, centralize alarms information from connected pumps and exchange data with external software application.
You can obtain the following accessories for the Foot Pedal:
Decompensated congestive heart failure
The method of sterilisation is clearly indicated on the product label.
An occlusion may pressurize the infusion tubing and syringe, which can result in an unintended bolus of drug when the occlusion is cleared.
Verify that the catheter is in the mapping zone.
Short to medium term biological effects have been reported as adverse local tissue reactions.
The catheters have to be carefully taken out of the package and slowly pulled out of the dispenser ring.
Flush the catheter and tubing to ensure purging of trapped air bubbles and to verify irrigation through the tip electrode.
The incidence and severity of complications resulting from the insertion of a hip prosthesis are usually greater in revision surgery than in primary procedures.
Figure - Back of Console
Under certain circumstances, notably orthopaedic procedures, immobilization by external support may be employed at the discretion of the surgeon.
DO NOT EXCEED shelf life date.</cf>
Remove all of the fluid from the cylinders, by gently squeezing the penis/cylinders to return the fluid to the basin.
This cemented femoral hip stem is one component of a total hip prosthesis, manufactured of high nitrogen stainless steel.
Supply Mains switch powered OFF
Note: This screen is linked to the "same infusion" function above.
Biosense Webster, Inc. -2009
In addition, patients were evaluated using the Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) hip rating scale at last evaluation.
microg/min, microg/h, microg/kg/min, microg/kg/h
Do not resterilize products that are HA-coated products that are ceramic; or, products that contain plastic components.
<cf font="Arial" size="10" complexscriptssize="10" fontcolour="0x262529">provided they should be left in place until immediately prior to use.
o Esophageal visualization with CARTOSOUND® and/or ICE
Your AMS Sales Order Number.
Console and Monitor
For a list of adverse events/complications related to cemented joint arthroplasty consult the package inserts for the appropriate hip components and/or bone cement.
The functional life expectancy of prosthetic joint replacement is, at present, not clearly established.
Failure or disassociation of the locking ring may lead to dislocation and require additional surgery.
Using the 60 mL syringe and a 15-gauge blunt tip needle, fill the reservoir with the appropriate amount of sterile normal saline.
Right Display shows custom default options.
The SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump is a peristaltic pump designed to work in conjunction with the SmartAblate™ RF Generator to deliver irrigation solution at specified flow rates to irrigated catheters (such as the Biosense Webster Celsius® ThermoCool® Catheters and NaviStar® ThermoCool® Catheters) for cooling purposes.
Do not implant HA coated components in bone cement.
Significant x-ray exposure can result in acute radiation injury as well as increased risk for somatic and genetic effects due to the x-ray beam intensity and duration of the fluoroscopic imaging.
If pairing is necessary, follow pairing directions in the VAPR VUE User Manual.
(Approx. 18 mm)
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman">Proper cleaning and preparation of the bone surfaces is important for obtaining prosthesis fixation.
If the problem persists,
Figure 31 shows the means of patient protection for the applied part.
1. Advanced osteoporosis or poor bone stock.
Add ink cartridge to printer
Inspect the device cable for damage or cuts prior to sterilization.
Safety Extra Low Voltage
Replace the saline solution bags and/or check the clamps under the bags.
ROUND BURR (Sterile)
Via the retrograde approach in patients with aortic valve replacement.
Insert the TX eco Cable in the cable holder with the cable facing down.
For the first method, while maintaining sterility, straighten the catheter tip (beginning at the catheter's most distal end) and insert into the haemostatic valve of the guiding sheath. Slowly advance the catheter loop through the valve until the catheter shaft clears the haemostatic valve. Continue to advance the catheter past the haemostatic valve, until the catheter loop tip is visible under flourscopic guidance through the other end of the guiding sheath.
Use appropriate Biosense Webster accessory cables to connect the Biosense Webster TX-iQ Bi­Directional Navigation Catheter to the appropriate devices.
10 in long x 1.9 in wide x 3 in high (254 mm x 48 mm x 76 mm)
Store the unopened product at 73ºF (23ºC) for a minimum of 24 hours before use.
RS.0xxx.xxx / 43xx.xxx
1 unit/min = 60 unit/h
The time remaining is less than the defined time duration (adjustable between 1 and 30 minutes), and the remaining VTBI until the volume limit has dropped to less than 10% of the syringe capacity.
Implantable pacemakers and implantable cardioverter/defibrillator (ICDs) may be adversely affected by RF energy.
Awl - Use a mallet to impact the distal tip of the instrument into bone until the laser line is flush with bone.
Place the Redel connector of the COOLFLOW Irrigation Pump foot pedal (Figure 6) in the socket at the back of the pump (#8 in Figure 3).
The irrigation flow rate should be increased to 42 ml/min starting up to 5 seconds before the onset of RF power delivery and maintaining 42 ml/min until 5 seconds after termination of the RF power delivery.
The acetabulum is to be replaced with a DePuy 2 piece metal backed (UHMWPE), ceramic or metal or all UHMWPE acetabular cup component that utilizes an UHMWPE, ceramic or metal bearing surface with an inside diameter corresponding to the outside diameter of the modular femoral head that is utilized.
When the pump has been turned off, power continues to be supplied to the pump through the mains cable.
The following list of warnings and precautions applies to the general operation of the FMS VUE System.
DisplayPort to DVI Cable (NA)
Preoperative Harris Hip score means were 48.5 (I) and 49.2 (C).
The red end of cable M581001 connects to the generator; the blue end connects to the CARTO® 3 System. Before ablating with a focal catheter, ensure that cable M581001 is disconnected from the generator.
Note: Tightening the Access Sheath hemostasis valve onto the WATCHMAN FLX Delivery System may damage the Delivery System or valve threads, which can lead to subsequent difficulty in closing the valve and an incomplete seal, once the WATCHMAN FLX Delivery System is removed.
The generator will then be able to change the pump from low to high flow or from high to low flow but it will not be able to change the flow rates or other pump settings.
To verify that the generator is controlling the pump, press either the icon containing 1 or the icon containing 2. If the generator is controlling the pump, the flow on the corresponding pump will change from low to high flow or from high to low flow.
Contact your BWI Representative to get the correct Version for your configuration confirmed.
Infusion duration may or may not be displayed depending on the configuration preset with software for this drug.
THIS PROSTHESIS IS DESIGNED TO PROVIDE LIMITED MOBILITY WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE BE RESTRICTED BY FUSION OF THE ANKLE JOINT.
Soak soiled devices for a minimum recommended time specified by the detergent solution manufacturer or 5 minutes, whichever is longer.
Quick Connect Window Connectors should not be used on revision surgeries, except when all previously implanted components are removed and replaced with new components.
15 minutes; 80°C air dry
Important Physician Information
MDD 93/42/EEC / MPG (Medical Products Law)
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman">The use of certain special surgical instruments is suggested in the performance of this surgery.
The Biosense Webster Preface® sheath, MobiCath™ sheath or an 8F sheath is recommended.
+/-1kV Line-to-line
8. Tissue reactions to implant corrosion or implant wear debris.
The connection needs to be checked before starting the procedure!
To install replacement pad liners:
When overriding power settings to non-default values, the adjusted values are retained when unplugging and re-plugging the same electrode, when connecting a new electrode of the same type, or when connecting a different electrode model with the same default values.
If enabled for the selected drug, you can program a loading dose after programming an infusion defined by dose.
WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS:
Certain cleaning agents may cause degradation of the faceplate and product labeling.
Remove the Inflow tubing from the package and close three (3) white clamps on the Inflow tubing (Figure 6).
Regardless of the etiology of the spinal pathology for which implantation of these devices was chosen, it is the expectation and requirement that a spinal fusion or arthrodesis be planned and obtained.
After use, dispose of product and packaging in accordance with hospital, administrative and/or local government policy.
Press start to start the bolus.
Flush through the Flush Port in the Distal Filter Slider (#3) with heparinized saline until all air is removed and fluid passes from Distal Filter Tip guidewire lumen.
Table - Recommended RF Application Parameters for NaviStar® ThermoCool® Catheters, EZ Steer® ThermoCool® Catheters, Celsius® ThermoCool® Catheters, and ThermoCool® SmartTouch™ Catheters
The size of the tibial augmentation block must correspond to the size of the tibial base.
ThermoCool ®SF NAV Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter
Leave the reservoir in the flattened bowl shape.
Note: To avoid introducing air, apply pressurized saline bag to sideport of Access Sheath, or submerge Access Sheath hub in saline.
Link Agilia rack system is intended to power Agilia IV pumps and organize in a logical way bedside infusion pumps mounting.
Serious adverse effects may necessitate surgical intervention.
M-5276-828XB ã Biosense Webster, Inc. 2010-2017 Printed in USA
chest pain/discomfort, ventricular tachyarrhythmia, TIA, CVA, complete heart block, coronary artery spasm, coronary artery thrombosis, coronary artery dissection, cardiac thromboembolism, pericarditis, cardiac perforation/tamponade, valvular damage and increased phosphokinase level.
Many instruments are intended for use with a specific implant system.
A removable pole clamp mounted under the pump case is included for mounting the pump to an IV pole.
Do not use the catheter if past the "Use By" date.
Bi-articular or hemi heads must not be re-sterilised by the hospital as these components are single use items not intended for re-sterilisation.
The audible alert can be temporarily silenced by pressing the Alert Silence button. The code remains displayed and the audible alert returns after 2 minutes.
For EXPEDIUM Spine System:
10.1.2 Dimensions 50
Pour all the liquid onto the powder and mix thoroughly until homogenous material is obtained.
The following table provides the maximum surface temperature of the SoundStar® Catheter with the relevant ultrasound system.
Non-flammable agents should be used for cleaning and disinfecting.
Establish the axial alignment of the inserter to the hole.
DePuy Ireland UC
Their total hip decreased their pain in 98.2% (166/169) of the investigational cases and 98.2% (168/171) of the control cases at 24 months postoperatively.
The ablation lesions should be placed in a spiral manner and staggered longitudinally to minimize the likelihood of renal artery stenosis.
Patients with congestive heart failure or renal insufficiency, and the elderly are particularly susceptible.
This number is displayed until you start the next ablation.
Do not reuse any accessories labeled as SINGLE USE.
Use this procedure to connect the Cannula in the sterile zone.
Intermediary Tube Without One-Way Valve -
Mean Harris Hip scores and radiographic success rates were compared across treatment groups for all subjects as well as for the Subset Cohort of subjects with S-ROM and Summit Porocoat stems.
When placing them in the sieve, make sure the cables are not squeezed, kinked or pinched.
Patella component size 29mm may only be used with femoral component sizes 1 through 3. Patella component size 32mm may only be used with femoral component sizes 1 through 6. Patella component size 35mm may only be used with femoral component sizes 1 through 8.</cf>
Do not disassemble
- Maximum spatial gradient magnetic field of 720-Gauss/cm or less
Prosthetic knee components are individually packaged and supplied STERILE.
Localization Settings 36
regard to patient weight and functional demands, as well as placement and positioning of the implant
The device may be used multiple times in the same case but is not intended to be re-used/re-sterilized.
Green operation - LED "On"
Inspect the generator and all attached components and accessories to ensure that there is no visual damage to the components, accessories, or their cables.
Sterility is preserved only if the tube installation procedures have been performed precisely.
DePuy Synthes used the following cleaning agents during validation of these reprocessing recommendations.
Connect the foot pedal to the generator.
The expected useful life of the cable is three years.
Recommended cleaning agents
5-Way Foot Pedal
All stems covered by this IFU have a 12/14 Articul'eze Mini Taper and are compatible with all DePuy heads with 12/14 - 5°43' tapers.
Under no circumstances should the K-wires be shortened from their original length of 188.8mm (7.435 in.).
Immediate-Use Steam Sterilization is only intended for individual instruments.
However, this aspect of the analysis continues to be unknown, since there were too few patients in this group to be able to determine valid conclusions.
This is a polyetheretherketone (PEEK) threaded suture anchor preloaded on a disposable inserter assembly intended for fixation of two or three strands of #2 suture to bone.
Please release foot pedal!
Also available for use are an apical hole plug, locking pins, and a variety of bone screws, composed of titanium.
18 mm inflated ³
Connection of 1 pump to a PC for the following purposes:
inadequate bone stock to assure both a firm press fit and close apposition of the cut bone surfaces to the prosthesis;
P.F.C. MODULAR PLUS TIBIAL WEDGES:
Recover the Distal Filter using one of the following two methods:
This can result in a mechanical risk.
The hospital staff is responsible for ensuring that the pump is functioning properly and that the solutions and irrigated catheters that are used in the overall irrigation process are compatible with each other.
Prior to placement, prep the skin area per AORN guidelines.
The ThermoCool® SmartTouch™ Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter provides a real-time measurement of contact force between the catheter tip and heart wall, as well as location information when used with Carto® 3 Navigation System.
The bearing components are available in small, small +, standard, standard +, large and large + sizes and in thicknesses of 10, 12.5, 15 and 17.5 mm.
2.8 Fixing system components 12
Coagulation power can be adjusted only using the buttons on the generator.
The TRUESPAN Meniscal Repair Implant System is MR Safe.
134 - 137 ° C
Verify that the pump is set to the correct flow for the catheter and selected power.
According to the ISO 5833 standard, the temperature of this reaction can be as high as 95°C.
The four most distal electrodes may be used for recording and stimulation purposes.
Polished bearing areas must not come in contact with hard or abrasive surfaces.
Figure - Ablation Screens Details
Adverse effects associated with the use of this device include wound dehiscence, infection, minimal acute inflammatory tissue reaction, calculus formation in urinary and biliary tracts when prolonged contact with salt solutions such as urine and bile occurs, and transitory local irritation at the wound site.
The height adjustment functions freely, the raising force is adjusted to the weight of the device.
1 minute every 6 minutes.
Table 4 provides instructions for changing the joint pressure set-point.
For power levels up to 30 W, a high flow rate of 8 ml/min should be used.
Do not use Link+ Agilia rack without battery connected.
A total shoulder prosthesis replaces both the proximal humeral head and the glenoid.
Manufacturer's Declaration - Electromagnetic Immunity
Connect the power cord and plug into a properly grounded AC electrical outlet.
Remove the flushing luer ⑥ (by pulling the syringe or by pulling flushing luer ⑥) (Reference Figure 1).
Supply Mains Power Switch
Outside the United States, contact your local representative.
When well-fixed DELTA CTA stem, the DELTA Xtend glenosphere and metaglene can be used with DELTA CTA Hybrid Humeral PE cups, Humeral PE cups dia 42mm and / or spacers described in the DELTA Xtend Addenda Surgical Technique.
The Localization Settings Screen allows you to set the Universal Time Offset and the language of the text on the Camera Control System LCD screen and the On Screen Display.
When combining medical and non-medical electrical devices into a medical electrical system (MES) in patient environments and/ or in medically used rooms, the isolating transformer is installed upstream according to the EC directive for medical devices 93/42 EEC concerning compliance with the safety requirements according to IEC/EN 60601-1 (e.g.:
The risk of igniting flammable gases or other materials is inherent in electrosurgery.
Tip deflection is controlled at the proximal end of the catheter by a handpiece in which a piston slides; a thumbknob on the piston controls piston travel.
< 1 Year
The Resorbable Tapered Pin can be used in place of metallic Smillie Pins or Kirschner wires (K-wires), or autologous bone "pins" as indicated above, where rapid healing is anticipated.
Small Joint Specialty
This cable is reusable for twenty (20) cycles as identified in Table 1.
of that preset
Select the appropriate RTE length and attach the RTE to the cylinder, twisting the RTE onto the cylinder to provide a tactile indication of a proper connection.
The sheath is intended for single use only.
Do not fold the cable as this may cause breakage where the cable folds occur.
Micro handpiece Sterile, single use Blades and burrs
This cable may be reused subject to the sterilization restrictions herein.
STERIS® V-PRO® Low Temperature Sterilization System
Assembly - plug-in adapter
Temperature of esophageal probe (or dashes if there is no probe attached)
Altitude: max 3000 m (9842.52 ft)
The cobalt-chromium (C0-Cr-MO) alloy femoral head mates with the femoral stem using a 12/14 Morse-type taper.
- Soap and water
The zoom coupler consists of a quick-release clamp for connection with the endoscope, a focus adjustment ring to focus the image, and a zoom adjustment ring to change the magnification.
LAN - Ethernet port (not implemented)
The amount of metal compounds released into the body system will also increase.
Advance the catheter through the guiding sheath to the area of the endocardium under evaluation.
The G2 modular cemented femoral stems are for use in total or partial hip replacement.
(*) For immunity compliance level and electromagnetic environment guidance, please refer to Injectomat and/or Volumat Agilia's instructions for use, and particularly Electromagnetic Compatibility chapter (see tables 2, 4 and 6).
SoundStar® eco 8F Ultrasound Catheter
Press the arrow keys to scroll through the maintenance information.
The Biosense Webster PentaRay® NAV eco High-Density Mapping Catheter is indicated for multiple electrode electrophysiological mapping of cardiac structures in the heart, i.e., recording or stimulation only.
Leaks can occur upon injection if the needle is in a vein or if unseen microfractures are prevalent.
<cf font="Arial" size="10" complexscriptssize="10" fontcolour="0x262529">followed carefully.
If the generator emits an alarm tone, press Stop.
Figure 11. General Settings 23
<cf font="Times New Roman" complexscriptsfont="Times New Roman" complexscriptssize="10" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="off">Fully immerse the instrument in freshly prepared enzymatic or cleaning detergent solution to avoid aerosol generation.
The focal length range for the zoom coupler is 14mm to 29mm.
Side view with power plug
POTENTIAL TISSUE RESPONSE IN EARLY POST-OPERATIVE PERIOD
A hard reset button located on the connector panel is used to reboot the Link+ Agilia rack operating system.
Doing so might induce ventricular fibrillation.
The power of the electrode is too high relative to the power demanded by the generator.
However, because of increased risk for complications such as infection, slow healing, slow wound healing, etc. the physician should fully consider the advisability of hip arthroplasty in the severely diabetic patient.
It is not necessary to install the Outflow Tube if operating the pump on SOLO Mode (irrigation and handpiece control only).
In addition, the implant is intended for use in the specific application of reinforcement of the soft tissues which are repaired by suture or suture anchors during rotator cuff surgery.
On the generator's Advanced Settings screen, select or deselect Pumps monitoring.
DURALOC Constrained Liner Surgical Procedure
4.22* 83.88 1.90 10.00
If there is debris in the tubing, clamp the tubing with tubing covered hemostats, remove the connector, flush the system, and reconnect the system.
Press START Low Flow to start the pump flowing at the low (standby) flow rate (see Section,).
Development, construction, sales and production are certified at ITD GmbH according to DIN ISO 13485.
The calibration and the full functional test may be performed only by Biosense Webster, a service engineer certified by Biosense Webster, or a service center certified by Biosense Webster.
Incompatible esophageal probe cable (not applicable for the US and JP versions of the generator)
Modular design consisting of evaluation electronic in the transformer housing as well as operating and display panel in the bottom storage shelf
The Link+ Agilia system is composed of the following elements:
The most frequent adverse events and complications in total ankle replacement include:
240VAC, 1 MOPP M2:
TO DO SO WILL DAMAGE THE FIBER AND MAY DAMAGE THE ENDOSCOPE.
Network signaling levels must comply with Safety Extra Low Voltage (SELV).
The reason for this is the parallel connection between the output of the generator and the stimulator.
Connection Cable for Celsius® Catheters (DS, Redel26 à Redel10, green), length:
1.2 Peel lid to open sterile package and remove syringe from tray.
Commercial disinfectants that do not contain ethyl alcohol
Touch the slider controls or the +/- buttons to adjust the settings.
*** The duration of ablation can be reduced in sensitive regions of the heart (close to the esophagus) notably it shouldbe limited to 20 seconds per ablation location in the CS.
The Biosense Webster ThermoCool® SmartTouch™ Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter used in conjunction with a RF generator is capable of delivering significant electrical power.
3. The contact force reading is for information only and is not intended to replace standard handling precautions.
Startup screen: the following information is displayed:
Insert both tubes into the Pinch Valve slots.
100-120/230V, 50/60Hz
The product may be used in all European Union countries, as well as in countries that recognize the above-mentioned directive.
nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator remote monitor
Altitude: Up to 3000 m above sea-level
Connect the female end of the power cable (included) to the male connector on the Camera Control System (7).
Connect Link+ to main
In particular, any long-term effects of lesions in proximity to the specialized conduction system or coronary vasculature are unknown.
High-priority alarms
Electrode # - is currently pacing
A label strip can be affixed to the front trim (except pro-cart).
ADDENDUM TO THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE
The safety and effectiveness of the gentamicin bone cements in pregnant women or in children has not yet been established.
4. Comminuted bone surface that would militate against secure fixation of the anchor.
Do not connect the SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump to other infusion systems, including gravity intravenous (IV) infusion systems.
Check the shaft for bending, scratches, dents, corrosion, pitting, or other surface irregularities.
Verify that the catheter is connected to the appropriate cable and that the cable is connected to the red Catheter 1 receptacle on the front of the generator.
All labels are present.
These reprocessing instructions apply to:
COM vs. MOM
Silicone fluids have an extensive history of use in medical devices.
The DePuy KamVac® is a filtered suction tip that is designed to prevent debris, such as bone chips, blood clots and tissue from clogging the suction line.
Each integrated adhesive strip and loose adhesive strip includes two paper release liners.
Carefully slip the sterile sleeve over both cables.
-Page of IFU-0902-00-877-EN Rev. B
5.4.7 Advanced Settings:
MAGNETIC RESONANCE (MR) COMPATIBILITY
The yellow LEDs illuminate to indicate the suction setting.
Information concerning materials of animal origin in the AMS 700 Penile Prosthesis components follows:
Consult your Biosense Webster representative for details.
It is critical that appropriate process parameters be validated for each facility's sterilization equipment and product/load configuration by persons who have training and expertise in sterilization processes to substantiate the process and its reliability and reproducibility. Sterilization for immediate use may be conducted, if applicable, according to the specific health care facility's policy.</cf>
ATTUNE® Medialized Dome Patella
With the tubing still in the saline, reclamp the reservoir tubing with a blue shod mosquito hemostat.
When the export status is 100% complete, remove the USB flash drive.
In non-clinical testing, the PS150 implant system produced the following temperature rises during MRI performed for 15-min of scanning (i.e. proper pulse sequence) in the 1.5 Tesla/64-MHz (Magnetom, Siemens Medical Solutions, Malvern, PA, Software Numaris/4, Version Syngo MR 2002B DHHS Active Shielded, horizontal field scanner) and 3-Tesla (3-Tesla/128 MHz, Excite, HDx, Software 14.X.M5, General Electric Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI) MR systems:
The danger of a skin burn under the indifferent electrode is thus increased.
These GLOBAL UNITE Shoulder System prostheses have not been tested for heating or migration in the MR environment.
Pedicle screw malpositioning, with our without neurological or vascular injury.
• Make a high scrotal incision and move the incision onto the penis.
The fuse door is located on the back panel below the power cord receptacle.
Ensure the Camera Head is properly connected.
10. Verify that the temperature readings displayed by the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator (for each of the catheter's thermocouples) do not exceed normal body temperature (typically 37 °C) after the catheter is inserted into the patient.
Use is contraindicated in cases with active or recent joint sepsis, insufficient bone stock, skeletal immaturity, inadequate soft tissue coverage, Charcot arthropathy, significant muscular or neuromuscular compromise or psychosocial disorders that would limit rehabilitation.
pressing the Power Button on the front of the Camera Control System.
The following list of warnings and precautions applies to the general operation of the FMS VUE II System.
The use of gentamicin bone cements is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to gentamicin, or to any other of the cement components.
However, the generator also displays an asterisk after the preset name when the changes are canceled.
5.1 Prior to use, allow the drug loaded microspheres to settle towards the plunger.
After use this medical product represents a potential biological hazard.
Name and address of the manufacturer / Date of manufacture
The ORTHOCORD Suture is MR safe.
Revision Tibial Tray, and the ATTUNE Medialized Dome and Anatomic Patella.
Exposure level too low
Acetabular bearing material
Although mechanical testing demonstrates that the femoral heads produce a relatively low amount of particulate when used with polyethylene acetabular cups, the total amount of particulate remains undetermined.
< 28 hours
However, it is good practice to deselect all electrodes before shutdown because when you start up the system, any electrodes selected from the last ablation will still be selected, making it possible to start ablation with the wrong electrodes selected.
At 80 MHz and 800 MHz, the separation distance for the highest frequency range applies.</cf>
For more details, please consult the pumps instructions for use.
Using excessive force can result in patient injury or death.
Implants displaced or damaged by improper activities may migrate and damage the nerves or blood vessels.
The fatigue strength of the 44mm ceramic liner is limited by its small size.
Verify that the temperature readings displayed by the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator (for each of the catheter's thermocouples) do not exceed normal body temperature (typically 37 °C) after the catheter is inserted into the patient and prior to applying RF power.
The locking mechanism is functional and pump can be removed without difficulties.
50 è 900
Note: Refer to the instructions for use supplied with any interventional device to be used in conjunction with the Sentinel System for their intended uses, sizing, warnings, and precautions.
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="on">Tibial insert size should be the same size as the selected femoral component size.
Changes are saved automatically to the current Specialty.
PEI (Polyetherimide) or Polyphenylsulfone
For each key pressed
8.6 Output Specifications 88
4. Periodically, whenever the integrity of the switch is in doubt, test all functions.
Non-porous textured Co-Cr-Mo femoral, Bicruciate Retaining, Posterior Cruciate Retaining, Rotating Platform and metal-backed patellar components are also available for cemented applications.
The Femoral Head is indicated for use in total or partial hip replacement procedures for patients suffering severe pain and disability due to structural damage in the hip joint from rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, post traumatic arthritis, collagen disorders, avascular necrosis and nonunion of femoral fractures.
< 500 mW/sr maximum intensity for class 1 of IEC/EN 60625-1 January 2001
The ACTIS DUOFIX Hip Prosthesis has not been tested for safety and compatibility in the MR environment.
The cable may be re-sterilized for re-use.
Insert wire through the hole in end of metal pin, bend wire and cut off excess wire.
Proper cleaning and preparation of the bone surfaces is important for obtaining prosthesis fixation.
Connect the mains cable to the isolating transformer on the input socket and secure the cable with the protection against removal located on the transformer.
However, based on similarities between the Conceal Low Profile Reservoir and the spherical reservoir, the clinical results also apply to this new model.
The SmartAblate™ Remote Control and accessories must be examined for transit damage immediately after receipt.
Changes are saved automatically.
Syngo is a trademark of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft Corporation.
To return to the normal menus, power off then power on again.
Pump head pressure plate
Sterile disposable products can only be returned if the seal on the original package is not broken.
• POAG plates and cables included
An infusion can be started according to the following modes:
Sliding the Flow Control Valve distally will increase flow (up to ~500ml/min), moving the Valve proximally will decrease flow.
• Check whether the correct fuses have been installed.
Evaluation and overview of the test results:
2. The product should be stored under cool, dry conditions.
Complies with EN/IEC 60601-1-2
Damaged instruments should be repaired by the recognized manufacturer or replaced to prevent potential patient injury such as metal fragments into the surgical site.
(The pump head is located behind the transparent pump door. See Items 2 and 15 in Section,.)
If your generator has been configured for your language, press each message to see its translation.
Serial data communication cable for Carto® System Foot pedal
When properly performed, cleaning, disinfection and/or sterilization do not compromise the use and mechanical performance of these light cables.
Mobile Bearing Patellar Components
Bankart Repair, SLAP Lesion Repair, Capsular Shift or Capsulolabral Reconstruction
Press the Error or Warning icon to hide or display a complete list of messages.
The all-polyethylene tibial component and tibial insert have minimum of 6 mm of UHMWPE under the articulating surface.
ASYMMETRICAL DEFLECTABLE TIP - (THERMISTOR)
Loss of bone or musculature, osteoporosis, neuromuscular compromise, vascular deficiency or any other condition in the affected limb in sufficient degree to render the procedure unjustifiable (e.g., absence of musculoligamentous supporting structures, joint neuropathy).
The upper portion of the remote control can be tilted for easier viewing.
For instruments with flexible shafts, bend or flex the instrument under the cleaning solution while brushing the flexible areas.
This product should not be placed in individuals who are allergic to pork or pork products or who have a history of multiple severe allergies, allergies to animal derived products or an overly sensitized immune system.
Figure 3 shows the FMS VUE II back panel label.
The Biosense Webster THERMOCOOL® SF NAV Uni-directional Catheter used in conjunction with a compatible RF generator is capable of delivering significant electrical power. Patient or operator injury can result from improper handling of the catheter and indifferent electrode, particularly when operating the catheter.
FIGURE 1: Catheter Insertion
Restart the generator console.
Pre-wash using cold tap water for a minimum time of 2 minutes.
- 3-Tesla/128-MHz, Excite, Software 14X.M5, General Electric Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI; active-shielded, horizontal field scanner.
6.4.5 Low Fluid Level 54
Communication with the SmartAblate™ RF Generator
The S-ROM POLY-DIAL metal ring fits into a groove on the outer surface of the liner.
2BIndications and Use
To avoid thromboemboli, intravenous heparin should be used during ablation.
Conditions that limit the patient's ability or willingness to restrict activities or follow directions during the healing and rehabilitation period.
The acetabular component is provided as two separate units, an outer shell composed of titanium alloy (Ti-6Al-4V) with a commercially pure titanium porous coating (CP Ti) and a Poly-Dial® Liner of ultrahigh molecular weight polyethylene (UHMWPE), which fits into the outer shell.
Low (Standby) Flow knob
The GLOBAL UNITE Shoulder System is intended for cemented or uncemented total, hemi, or reverse shoulder arthroplasty in treatment of the following:
LIVE PART Pump Motor Control, Pinch Valve Control, Pinch Valve, Micro Controller
Precautions must be taken to restrict flammable materials from the electrosurgical suite.
Elimination of faults
The augmentation device consists of a metal backed polyethylene component and a number of retaining screws.
Always use a trial prosthesis for trial purposes or the recommended surgical technique.
Serial communication connector
Press Exit > Reload Multi-Channel RF Generator Application > OK.
Illustrated and/or written operative techniques are available to ensure that the surgeon is fully versed with the operative procedure.
Always use a trial device for trial purposes.
Disabilities of other joints (i.e., knees and ankles).
The Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) tubing integrates several functional components including:
Surgical technique brochures and videos are available from DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.
To reduce the risk of entrapping cardiac structures in the mapping-electrode portion of the catheter, place the nMARQ™ Circular Irrigated Catheter by torquing (or rotating) the shaft in a clockwise motion only.
The isolating transformer is not intended for operation in sterile rooms.
V =, ablation stops (if ablating)
Please refer to the current price list for product codes and sizes.
Operating errors and defects in the attached devices are detected and error messages are issued.
For this purpose, please contact the supplier or manufacturer of the equipment cart.
Subset Cohort (subjects with SROM and Summit Porocoat Stems)
The ATTUNE Revision CRS Femoral Component are manufactured from cast Co-Cr-Mo alloy conforming to ASTM F75.
It is vital that premature insertion of cement is avoided as this may lead to a drop in the patient's blood pressure.
Press on "Run/Stop" button.
After successfully completing the surrogate reservoir test, connect the pump and the reservoir.
For patients with pacemakers or other active implants, there is a risk of the leads being damaged or dislocated or the pacemaker function being disturbed.
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="on">These total and unicompartmental knee prostheses have not been evaluated for safety and compatibility in the MR environment.
The following protocol provides the user with a quick check guide to ensure that Link Agilia system is functional.
Contact with RF could damage the endoscope.
The suture may contain D&C Green #6 and chromium cobalt aluminum oxide suture colorants.
The UHMWPE bearing component rotates axially with respect to the metal anchoring plate to maintain congruency with the anterior surface of the femoral component throughout the range of motion.
Insufficient bone stock
Total knee arthroplasty is a total joint replacement surgery designed to provide increased patient mobility and reduced pain by replacing the damaged knee joint articulation in patients where there is evidence of sufficient sound bone to seat and support the components.
(Note: This technique can affect the setting time of the resin).
YES / NO
6.3.4 Editing a Preset - Temporary Save 44
In addition, the patellar dome has an x-ray detectable wire of Cobalt-chromium (Co-Cr) alloy.
8.2 Storage and Shipping Conditions 86
6.8.1.1 Foot Pedal Handpiece Functions
The isolating transformer fulfils all the requirements for outgoing EMC disturbances.
USB to Serial Converter
The number after the word "Ablator" ("2.3.1" in the example below) indicates the version of the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator application software on the monitor. The number that starts with "S" indicates the version of the firmware that controls the console.
High priority alarm
2.1 Warnings 10
This device is packaged and sterilized for single use only.
Memory 12 and Memory 20 clips are implants destined for osteosyntheses of the foot.
(1) Straight Suture-Tie Connector
Press the + before a box to expand the folder and see a listing of all of the ablation log files for that date.
Revision Tibial Insert and compatible components are supplied prepacked and sterile.
4.2 Unpacking 19
Affected hip has a Harris Hip Score of ≤ 70, and a Pain rating of ≥ Moderate,
Biceps Tendon Reattachment
The zoom level increases the digital zoom of the live video.
• Physiologic use of the affected limb and weight bearing are not recommended.
FMS VUE™ is a trademark of ©DePuy Synthes Mitek Sports Medicine, a division of Depuy Orthopaedics, Inc. All rights reserved.
Other non validation beep
Initial CE mark for metaglene long peg:
Summary of Clinical Investigations
8 Technical data
For setup procedures refer to the User Manual for your CARTO™ 3 System.
<cf size="11" complexscriptssize="11" fontcolor="20231E">Humeral heads, humeral fixation component and glenoid components are individually packaged and provided STERILE.
Go To Device Settings Screen
Porous titanium shims must be attached to the buttress implants using acrylic bone cement.
Early or late infection
8.4 Classifications 48
3.2 Attach a sterile filter needle to the loading syringe.
Covers the connector during cleaning.
B- Custom Profiles
Use of a DePuy ASR™ acetabular component with a non-DePuy ASR™ femoral component or a non-DePuy ASR™ femoral or non-DePuy ASR™ XL femoral component or non-DePuy ASR™ XL Anatomic femoral component may result in accelerated wear and early failure.
· Read all accessory operating instructions prior to connection of the Lasso® DoubleLoop. Catheter
Once removed, however, they must be discarded, as the removal process deforms the plastic and reduces attachment strength.
End of dose/time!
The following conditions are contraindications for hip replacement:
The liners have inner diameters (ID) intended for use with modular or Self-Centering TM (bipolar) femoral heads within the 28mm-44mm size range.
· Do not use in the proximity of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) equipment because the MRI equipment may induce movement or heating of the catheter.
In case of doubt, please refer to the operating manual of the device manufacturer.
Additional Contraindications - Fusion Nails Only:
Light cables are not intended to be cleaned using alkaline cleaners (pH above 10).
Patients should be instructed in the limitations of the prosthesis, including, but not limited to, the impact of excessive loading through patient weight or activity, and be taught to govern their activities accordingly.
Te l; +1 (800) 366 8143
The FMS VUE II system provides two modes of operation:
1. Explosion hazard - Do not use this equipment in the presence of flammable anesthetics.
The plunger head is missing or incorrectly inserted.
DePuy Posterior Lip Augementation Device (PLAD)
5.2.2 The Navigation Bar 18
For all errors and some warnings (see Section ‎14.1, Alerts: Errors and Warnings), ablation stops automatically and the screen freezes for 3 seconds with the ablation data and the message displayed.
Non-Sterile Surgical Instruments - Extended Clean
U.S. Class III - Non-Sterile Surgical Instruments
Preparation for cleaning:
Interrupted sutures can provide additional security against recurrence of tissue defect in the event of suture failure.
The catheters are sterilized with ethylene oxide gas and should be used by the "Use By" date on the device package. Do not use the device if past the "Use By" date.
There were 11 investigational sites.
The user can select the maximum rate at which the impedance can change before the generator issues an alert.
Floors should be wood, concrete, or ceramic tile. If floors are covered with synthetic material, the relative humidity should be at least 30%.
If this does not address the problem, remove and replace with a new reservoir.
Porocoat® porous coated femoral hip stem and metal backed acetabular cup total hip components are indicated for cementless use with fixation provided by biological tissue ingrowth into the porous coating or for cemented use in which the porous coating serves as a means to augment the fixation of the prosthesis to the bone cement.
Positioning and fixation of components, and/or obtaining adequate bony support
Remove the GRYPHON Anchor with PROKNOT Technology from its package using standard sterile techniques.
DYNACORD suture has been designed and tested to maintain tissue approximation force.
Using the Pump for the First Time
Oil, hair, dirt, repeatedly used adhesive electrodes, and electrodes of low quality can impair contact quality and increase the risk of a skin burn.
Fatigue fracture of the femoral stem or ceramic head, often related to factors listed in WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS.
The TWISTR Retrograde Reamer is intended for general surgical use during orthopedic procedures.
Advance the catheter to the desired area.
277 (99 - 409)
If you suspect a problem with the flow from the electrode, refer to the instructions for use for the catheter.
EXP ANT MONOAXIAL SCRW DRVR SLEEVE
Rinse the instrument thoroughly with warm tap water. Rinse all lumens, internal areas, sliding mechanisms, and hinged joints, actuating sliding mechanisms and hinged joints while rinsing.
Do not use excessive force to advance or withdraw the catheter.
Use of the largest stem possible is recommended.
• Quick Connect Window Connectors (provided sterile)
Carto® XP Navigation System
Ream 4.5mm passing tunnel and graft socket.
With the main power ON, press the Left Display Up (+) and Down (-) arrows simultaneously.
Esophageal Probe (not applicable for the US and JP versions of the generator)
Reconnect the foot pedal.
The preoperative planning and surgical technique for implantation of this fixation device represent principles that are basic to internal fracture fixation.
IRRIGATION Auto-locking slot Locks the tubing in place around the IRRIGATION roller pump.
The femoral head-size and the inner diameter of the acetabular components must correspond.
Possible pump motor short circuit.
The frequency of flashing varies according to flow rate.
ULTIMA Total Hip System-
Position the FMS VUE II pump outside the sterile field, and where required depending on operator requirements.Ensure that there is enough space for Circulating Nurses to access the pump controls.Position the pump so that access to power main is not obstructed.
• Persistent drainage after pin removal; chronic pin site osteomyelitis;
CONTRAINDICATIONS, WARNINGS, PRECAUTIONS AND ADVERSE EFFECTS CONTRAINDICATIONS FOR USE WITH AND WITHOUT CEMENT
OVB1 used (hours):
The textured patellar components are available in small, small+, medium, standard, standard +, large and large + sizes and the porous-coated patellar components are available in small, small +, standard, standard +, large and large + sizes.
Inspect the pump for damage before each use (see Section,).
Partial Enclosure Recovery: Gently withdraw the Distal Filter Slider (#3) relative to the Rear Handle until the Distal Filter Radiopaque Hoop is collapsed inside the Articulating Sheath tip as visualized on fluoroscopy.
Press the hidden button on the Navigation Bar, (Figure 12).
Anyone connecting additional equipment to the signal input or signal output is a system configurer and is therefore responsible for ensuring compliance with the valid version of the standard IEC 60601-1.
Vacu-Mix Plus is an in-syringe vacuum mixing system pre-packed with bone cement powder.
The cable should be visually inspected for any damage (i.e. cuts, kinks, nicks, crushed or elongated sections) prior to use or reuse. Do not attempt to repair any damage.., Discard the cable and do not reuse if there is suspicion of damage.
The GreenLight HPS fiber optic is a sterile, single-use, disposable delivery system with a 600 micron fiber.
The following conditions are not compatible with the TRUMATCH Personalized Solutions X-Ray-originated Patient Specific Instruments:
Package trays/instruments with a barrier wrap material, in accordance with local procedures, using standardized wrapping techniques such as those described in ANSI/AAMI ST46-1993.
The difference in 24 month Harris Hip score means across treatment groups was not significant.
DePuy Articular Surface Replacement System
(for one ring electrode)
It can be used with any cemented femoral stem up to a maximum of 220mm in length.
150 kHz to 80
The system operates on battery and has less than 20 min autonomy left - immediate reconnection of power supply is recommended
On right and left sides
• The patient's joint must be anatomically and structurally suited to receive the selected implant(s), and a functional Deltoid muscle is necessary to use the device.
Automatic speed selection 10 Mb/s or 100 Mb/s (theoretical)
When a focal catheter and an nMARQ™ catheter are both being used with the generator, make sure that the catheter that is not intended for use in the next ablation is either removed from the patient's body or disconnected from the generator.
Initial CE mark:
When the generator is turned off, the pump automatically turns off.
Pinnacle® CoMplete™ Acetabular Hip System
If the patient is older and has a low activity level, the surgeon may choose not to remove the implant thus eliminating the risks involved in a second surgery.
Always keep the electrode in contact with tissue.
Please refer to the end of the instruction leaflet for the guidance chart (note:
4. Wear or fracture of the polyethylene component.
Press the Reset button to set the Ablation # to 0.
Among the revision surgery implant patients, a total of 10,769 (97.3%) patient devices did not have any events due to infection and were censored during the timeframe of this report.
Remove Aortic Arch Simulator (AAS) & Ruler packaged with the MyoStar™ Injection Catheter and place on a sterile field.
PIN Protect Cases
60 ml/min for Circular
In general, increased operative time, blood loss, and risk of infection, pulmonary embolus and wound hematoma can be expected with revision procedures.</cf>
1. Inspect for damage to product or sterile barrier in the case of the disposable needle.
Custom implants are supplied sterile.
Out of the package, the knob will be in the "off" position which allows free movement for the lever and deflecting tip.
Prime the nGEN™ Tubing by rotating the handle of the 4-way stopcock (V) so that the fluid pathway of the tubing set is open and completely fill the tubing set with irrigation fluid.
The key silences the alarm (for two minutes).
Insert the lumen brush into the lumen (if applicable) with a twisting motion while pushing in and out at least 3 times.
OVERALL SUBJECT SUCCESS RATE
Ceramic femoral heads, prostheses with hydroxyapatite coatings and components manufactured from or containing UHMWPE CANNOT be re-sterilized.
Inspect instruments for damage prior to use.
We strongly recommend to always use the prime function, especially for life-sustaining drugs.
The HD Camera Control System contains electronic materials that must be disposed of properly.
Porous-coated Pinnacle Acetabular Cups are indicated for cementless applications.
For additional security, the mesh may be secured with small screws.
• If the cylinders still won't deflate, remove the pump and replace with a new one.
The DURALOC® and S-ROM POLY-DIAL® Constrained Acetabular Liners (or inserts) are devices with several components.
P.F.C.® / P.F.C. ∑ Uni-Compartmental Knee
Note: All tests below are in accordance with the IEC 60601-2-24 standard and ANSI/AAMI ID26.
Adjustable loop of implant:
Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene (ABS)
Surgeons should warn the patient of the surgical risks, and the patient should be made aware of the possible adverse effects, including the ones listed above.
• Venous introducer (optional)
Message to connect the pump and select an irrigated catheter preset (if the pump is not connected or if a non-irrigated catheter preset is selected.)
Low (300ml/min) or Medium (500ml/min)
Kaplan-Meier Survivorship Estimates
V ® Z
Withdraw the catheter system while using fluoroscopy.
Drug List B
Willing to have knowledge of treatment arm (CoM or MoM) withheld for a period of 24 months postoperatively unless disclosure is legally and/or medically necessary,
Pressing the Restore Factory Defaults Button erases modifications to any of the Device, Video, Capture, Button, Media, Printer, Localization, General, and OSD Settings and changes them back to what they were when the device was built.
M-5276-313A
The delta impedance of the electrode exceeded the set maximum.
The CR or PS RP Tibial Insert must be the same size as the selected CR Cemented or Cementless or PS Cemented Femoral Component.
Set the desired tunnel diameter by twisting the grey size selection wheel.
6) While rare, fatigue fracture of an implant can occur as a result of excessive activity, malalignment, or trauma.
When used in a reverse shoulder arthroplasty, the GLOBAL UNITE and DELTA XTEND™ humeral implants are to be used with the HA-coated DELTA XTEND metaglene devices.
Likewise, any deviation by the processor from the recommendations provided should be properly evaluated for effectiveness and potential adverse consequences.
Device Migration (Pump/Cylinder)
As with all implants, care should be taken in patient selection and the surgeon's criteria for usage.
Uni-compartmental replacement should be abandoned if it cannot successfully restore joint alignment, stability, and congruity to the operated knee.
4.0mm Ultra-Aggressive Blade Plus
Prior to closing the surgical site, all components must be accounted for.
o Esophageal visualization using barium swallow
Drill into the bone until the distal shoulder on the drill is flush with the bone.
A caution provides information relating to issues that might cause injury to patients or users, or damage to the device.
Mean Pre-op HH Pain
UTC Offset (Minutes)
When changing a prosthetic head on a femoral stem which is still in place, it is essential to use a metal head.
Attach a 15 gauge blunt tip needle to a 60 mL syringe and fill it with 55 mL of sterile normal saline.
the usage chart was generated under controlled laboratory conditions).
For metal components only:
You will be required to enter the surgeon's four-digit personal information number (PIN) if the case is protected by a password.
Verify that the handle is completely closed and that the remote control is locked in place before you release your hold of the remote control.
Irrigation Tube / One Day Set for FMS DUO® / FMS SOLO®
Clamp the tubing using blue shod mosquito hemostats.
5 System Components and Accessories | Page
Assembly must be in compliance with the structural engineering specifications for the building.
STERILIZATION BY ETHYLENE OXIDE
There should be a space between the End Cap and the centraliser.
All accessories must be checked regularly by visible inspections.
A pre-populated default weight or body surface area will be configured with the software.
The system is intended for use as a primary joint replacement prosthesis in total hip arthroplasty.
Webster Compli® Catheter
Apply the CRANIOPLASTIC ™ resin to the bone and remove excess resin.
• Do not undersize or oversize the filters in relation to the selected vessel diameter.
Rehabilitation of soft tissue through exercise is extremely important for successful long-term results.</cf>
Side view with power plug 12
• Need for urgent intervention or surgery
Biolox® delta Alumina ceramic
The following conditions, singularly or concurrently, tend to impose severe loading on the affected extremity thereby placing the patient at higher risk of failure of the knee replacement:</cf>
Length of the tip electrode
1) Bone perforation or fracture.
Postoperative care and the patient's ability and willingness to follow instructions are among the most important aspects of successful bone healing.
Laparoscopic surgery is a means of performing diagnostic and therapeutic surgical procedures intra-abdominally using equipment that minimizes surgical invasiveness.
Remove from sterile packaging using accepted aseptic techniques.
Note: These values are based on TEE.
Remove debris, tissue or bone fragments.
CONFIDENCE High Viscosity Spinal Cement is for single patient use only.
Rotate and push closed the fuse cap until it snaps into place.
• The brakes of the castors are released.
Coiling the connection cables during normal operation of the generator creates inductive components that can lead to measurement errors.
Titanium alloy components should never be bent sharply or reverse bent.
The SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump was calibrated by the manufacturer.
Stella-Lube Prior to Use
Rinse all components immediately and thoroughly after washing.
CRANIOPLASTIC ™ resin is intended for SINGLE USE ONLY; DO NOT RESTERILIZE.
The QDOT MICRO™ Bi -Directional Catheter is intended for use with a compatible RF generator, compatible irrigation pump, CARTO ™ 3 System, Biosense Webster cables, and other appropriate interface cables and connectors.
Critical safety functions are controlled by buttons that are operated independently of the touch screen.
a comprehensive list of medications and fluids to be infused (optional):
On the local monitor, press Tools.
The LCS Complete femoral components are manufactured from Co-Cr-Mo alloy conforming to ASTM standard F-75.
Compliance level obtained by the device
Highly alkaline conditions can damage products with aluminium parts.
Anticoagulation therapy in such patients should be administered in accordance with the ACC/AHA/HRS 2017 Guidelines for the Management of Patients With Atrial Fibrillation.
The temperature sensor measures ring electrode temperature, not tissue temperature.
one (1) volatile blood pressure resolved with medical management, one (1) high spinal anesthesia level resulting in stoppage of case and repeat surgery without complication, and one (1) excessive blood loss and metal liner did not engage correctly resulting in a new shell and liner placement.
Springer, Berlin Heidelberg New York (Handbuch der Inneren Medizin, Bd IX/1, S.
Connect the remote control to the mains supply and to the generator.
ECG Stimulator Cable
Repair or replace keyboard
The taper of the femoral head MUST be matched to the taper of the femoral stem.
SmartMix Cemvac pre-packed with SmartSet HV Bone Cement is recommended for use with the SmartMix Cemvac Gun (REF 83-1603).
While soaking, use a soft-bristled, tight-fitting lumen brush to brush both the distal and proximal ends of device's lumen for 1 minute.
ICD shocks to stop ventricular tachycardia (VT);
When the infusion is complete, the following happens:
18.9 - 24.3
Authorized representative in the European Community
The product is sterilised in its double blister packaging by gamma radiation at the minimum dose of 25 kGy.
Coaxial Endostat Fibers (400 & 600 microns):
Devices that have visible soil after repeated cleaning should be disposed of in accordance with standard biohazard practices.
Contraindication for use
Reset Camera Control System and printer
The HD Camera Head is guaranteed to be free from defects in material and workmanship for the warranty period.
Invalid USB Disk
To change the Image Capture settings, see "5.4.5 Advanced Settings:
1 kg (2.2 lb)
Acetabulum Radiographically stable (G)
Increase the irrigation to high flow rate starting up to 5 seconds before the onset of RF energy delivery and maintain this higher flow rate until 5 seconds after termination of the energy application.
Video timing changed
• 0.035 in (0.89 mm) guidewire of appropriate length (300 cm length recommended for 130 cm length stent delivery systems)
TOTAL AND UNICOMPARTMENTAL KNEE PROSTHESIS
• Sterilization wraps
Resterilization of the prosthesis is not recommended.
Reduce the power if the intracardiac electrogram signals do not change, the temperature is below the set value, and there is no clinically significant change in impedance after the power has reached the set value.
Remove the catheter through the guiding sheath.
Check the integrity of power cord.
This pivotal prospective, multi-center, randomized, single blind, controlled Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) clinical investigation of 390 procedures in 390 subjects compared the CoMplete™ Acetabular Hip System (COM), a ceramic-on-metal hip system, to a conventional metal-on-metal (MOM) articulation system.
The Innova Self-Expanding Stent System is contraindicated for use in any situation in which percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) is contraindicated and also, but not limited to:
Flow rate history is not stored after powering off.
S-ROM POLY-DIAL constrained liners operate optimally with a 28 and 32mm diameter, +0 and +6mm metallic heads.
nMARQ™ Circular Irrigated Catheter
Connector identification label
Remote device failure
Dirty optics or cables in need of repair can cause excessive heat at the connectors.
INDICATIONS - TOTAL HIP PROSTHESIS
The WATCHMAN FLX Device is a self-expanding nitinol (nickel-titanium alloy) structure with a polyethylene terephthalate (PET) porous membrane on the proximal face.
fiducial markers that are radio-opaque, an "L" shaped plastic body which rigidly positions the fiducial markers and a foam cushion with a vinyl outer coating and graphics to assist with positioning.
4.0mm Barrel Tornado Burr Plus
Rotating Platform Tibial Component
After you press the Export to USB button, the buttons on the next screen may be grayed out and not available for use.
The enhance and brightness will revert to their original values if this option is set to Auto Set.
Proportion Successful (N)
Remove and reinstall the syringe.
Reducing the quality of the recording will consume less memory, but the image will be grainer and poorer.
If the Closure Device meets release criteria, proceed to Step 18 (Closure Device release).
When using the QDOT MICRO™ Uni -Directional Catheter with conventional systems (such as fluoroscopy or ultrasound imaging), or with the CARTO ™ 3 System, careful catheter manipulation must be performed in order to avoid cardiac damage, perforation, or tamponade.
The most frequent adverse reactions reported with bone cements are:
<cf font="Arial" size="10">Note 1:
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman">Myositis ossificans, especially in males with hypertrophic arthritis, limited preoperative range of motion and/or previous myositis.
Injury of the heart valves, resulting in reflux, and the endocardium, up to perforation of the cardiac wall
Pull to desired tension and insert sheath over guidewire into the axis of the tunnel, centered within graft strands, with the tab of the sheath at the twelve o'clock position.
This section describes pump system functions and displays.
Exposure to moisture initiates degradation of the Resorbable Pin.
Controls on the Back of the Generator
reinforcement of bone; reattachment of the greater trochanter; fixation of long bone fractures with grafting; and fixation of patellar fractures.</cf>
The following events are generally the most frequently encountered adverse events and complications in hemi-shoulder arthroplasty:
Near end of infusion alert is triggered when the two criteria below are reached simultaneously.
4) Subluxation or dislocation of the hip joint due to implant size or configuration selection, positioning of components and/or muscle and fibrous tissue laxity.
Prior to the end of an infusion, a near end of infusion alert is automatically triggered.
the radiographs) an intensified schedule of check-ups is advised and new warning and instructions to
Refer to Instructions for Use
To remove any coagulum, if present, a sterile gauze pad dampened with sterile saline may be used to gently wipe the tip section clean.
<cf size="11" complexscriptssize="11" complexscriptsbold="on" fontcolor="20231E">Shoulder prosthesis components should never be re-implanted.
High priority tone
Ordering information 51
The Biosense Webster nGEN™ Tubing is designed for use with the nGEN™ Pump and SMARTABLATE™ Pump to deliver irrigation solution at specified flow rates to compatible irrigated devices for cooling purposes.
• One straight pair of clean, sharp scissors for trimming tubing
(> 1.5 m or > 4.92 ft) must be at least IEC/EN 60950 compliant.
Mains input terminal:
EXPEDIUM VERSE Connects To EXPEDIUM/VIPER/VIPER2, ISOLA/TIMX, MONARCH, MOSS MIAMI
Keep Vein Open (KVO): After the VTBI is completed, the infusion continues at a preset flow rate to keep the access device open.
The 10 mm thick rotating bearing has approximately 5.5 mm of UHMW-PE at its thinnest part in the load bearing area.
Fully close sliding knot:
A data set is a combination of custom profiles (up to a maximum of 19) that can be uploaded to Agilia pumps with software.
The Hemi-Shoulder Prosthesis consists of individually packaged implants:
For ablation, the catheter is used in conjunction with a compatible RF generator and a dispersive pad (indifferent electrode).
Connects conductors, equipment units, conducting parts, main earth terminals and earth
A possible reason is:
To disconnect, unplug the USB PC cable.
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="on">The incidence and severity of complications in total knee replacement are usually greater in revisions than primary operations.
One strip can be wrapped around the distal end of the TSS Retractor Light Strip/retractor and the second can be wrapped around the proximal end of the TSS Retractor Light Strip/retractor.
Once the cycle is complete, the FMS VUE II will return to its original settings.
The amount of friction increases as the Friction Control Knob is rotated clockwise until it reaches the fully "on" position.
Static Magnetic Field:
Controls on Back of Console
M-5276-851A Biosense Webster, Inc. 2017-2018 Printed in USA
Flush the catheter with heparinized saline prior to insertion into the body.
To ensure that the Camera Control System and other required video-system components are properly connected and functioning:
An instrumentation system, as well as a system of trial components, must be used to assure proper fit and alignment of the prosthesis.
In the event of defibrillation, the connected devices must be equipped with defibrillation protection ().
Do not set any extreme, unrealistic limit values.
Do not use such sources of heat in immediate proximity to the indifferent electrode.
uncorrected or recurrent deformity;
If the pressure falls below the low-pressure safety level (10 mmHg) for three consecutive seconds, the Low Pressure alarm illuminates (orange) and the pump stops.
The titanium used is medical grade titanium with additions of 6% aluminum and 4% vanadium conforming to ASTM F 136, ASTM F 1108, ASTM F2885 ASTM F1472, ISO 5832-3 or other recognized standards
To ensure proper operation of the contact force sensor, the tip electrode and all four ring electrodes must protrude from the distal tip of the guiding sheath.
· The catheter should be stored in its original packaging and in a cool, dry, dark place until it is used.
When using a solid indifferent electrode, the hospital staff is responsible for ensuring proper contact of the electrode with the patient's skin.
The suture construct consists of a doubled-over strand of #1 PERMACORD™ Suture with a pre-tied sliding knot; the end of one tail is encased inside the end of the other tail.
When packing is complete, the area may be trimmed and its new surface formed.
REFER TO THE APPROPRIATE CARTOTM 3 EP NAVIGATION SYSTEM USER MANUAL FOR DETAILS ON SYSTEM SETTINGS RELATED TO THE SHEATH.
It is important that immobilization of the fracture site be maintained until firm bone union, confirmed by clinical and roentgenographic examination, is established.
This Foot Pedal has been developed to start or stop RF ablation by the Stockert RF generators (EP Shuttle/ Stockert 70/Stockert J70).
The end of the cable designated for connection to the generator should only be connected to the ablation catheter socket on the generator.
Accessories that are not compatible may adversely affect the generator's performance.
For posterior cervical spine internal fixation, hooks or cable connectors can be attached to the longitudinal member with set screws.
Access menu or exit menu
When using wall suction as the flow source for the shaver, a flow limiter is required to prevent excessive flow rates, which could produce low (potentially vacuum level) joint pressures.
The Flow Restriction Tube is not sterile.
</cf><cf size="11" complexscriptssize="4" fontcolor="20231E">Diabetes, at present, has not been established as a contraindication.
Insert the ThermoCool® SmartTouch™ Diagnostic/Ablation Catheter via the entrance site using the insertion tube and an appropriately sized introducer sheath.
a drug library: a list with limits on drug infusion rates,
If vibration or noise occurs during assembly of the devices, repeat Steps 1 through 5.
To fix the fragments once they are appropriately placed, use the following procedure:
The tissue stops reacting to electrical stimulation when heated above a threshold over a minimal period of time.
• Fever or local inflammation;
G Radiopaque Distal Filter Hoop
CoolFlow® Irrigation Pump U.S. Model Number: CFP002
Medical electrical equipment - General requirements for basic safety and essential performance
Medos International SARL Chemin-Blanc 38 2400 Le Locle, Switzerland
Connect the optic cable from the local monitor to the remote monitor.
The Biosense Webster THERMOCOOL® SMARTTOUCH® SF Bi-Directional Navigation Catheter is a steerable multi-electrode luminal catheter with a deflectable tip designed to facilitate electrophysiological mapping of the heart and to transmit radiofrequency (RF) current to the catheter tip electrode for ablation purposes.
Operational Safety Inspection
Do not reuse an implant in order to ensure there has been no damage to the implants.
If using a remote monitor, press On/Off on the side of the remote monitor.
This device is not approved for screw attachment or fixation to the posterior elements (pedicles) of the cervical, thoracic or lumbar spine.
NotE: Some discoloration is normal; always inspect for damage prior to use.
Electrical safety testing should be performed by a biomedical engineer or other qualified person.
The metal backed LCS mobile bearing patellar components articulate with the LCS femoral components.
Care should be taken to ensure that all taper and threaded surfaces are clean and dry prior to assembly.
Loss of bone or musculature, inadequate bone quality (e.g. severe osteoporosis), neuromuscular compromise or vascular deficiency at the bone site in the affected limb in sufficient degree to render the procedure unjustifiable (e.g., absence of musculoligamentous supporting structures that could lead to implant instability, joint neuropathy).
Radiographic equipment that provides high quality images is needed.
Do not attempt to repair cable.
2. Femoral shaft perforation, fissure, or fracture, which may require the use of internal fixation.
D - K Wires
Distal Centralisers are indicated for use with cemented stems to assist with the location of the stem within the prepared femoral cavity, as well as providing a space for the distal tip of the femoral component to subside into.
© DePuy Synthes Joint Reconstruction, division of DOI 2013
These devices are contraindicated for use in cases involving:
The manufacturer's instructions for use for the sterilization wrap, pouches, or DePuy Synthes Reusable Sterilization Containers are to be followed.
made in UK
M-5276-701C Printed in U.S.A.
Even when the remote control is the Monitor, you can stop ablation by pressing Stop on the remote control or by releasing the foot pedal.
When replacing components, only use Fresenius Kabi spare parts.
Take care not to pinch fingers when shutting the pump door.
A continuing program of follow-up controls is essential and should be strictly enforced.
6.8.1 5-Way Foot Pedal (Ref.
Observe the manufacturer's loading requirements.
Equipment cart vexio-cart, 21 U - 30 U
• The QStim™-Adapter must only be used by clinical staff with appropriate training and qualification in the use of temporary pacemakers and EP-measuring systems ("devices") and in the use of this adapter.
ORTHOCORD® Suture is a synthetic, sterile, braided, composite suture composed of dyed (D&C Violet #2) absorbable polydiaxanone (PDS) and un-dyed non-absorbable polyethylene.
The catheter was pushed suddenly into the tissue.
In order to remove an IV pump, proceed as follows:
Under the scan conditions defined above, the RIGIDLOOP Adjustable Cortical Fixation System is expected to produce a maximum temperature rise of 2.8°C or less after 15 minutes of continuous heating.
While rinsing, actuate all moving parts at least five (5) times and use a soft bristle brush to clean all surfaces.
The Attune Knee System has not been tested for safety and compatibility in the MR environment.
Default Vaporization Power (W)
The fuse inserts in the input circuit protect the isolating transformer from short circuiting.
The cable from the local monitor to the generator console is not connected properly.
An appropriate patient history, including history of personality disorders and a diagnostic work-up, should be a part of the patient decision-making process.
The length of time over which they were infused is also displayed.
Earth-Leakage Guard
5.4.1 Advanced Settings:
Illuminated all-pole mains switch
Be careful to not damage the O-ring seal (D).
If an isolating transformer is mounted, the total power uptake of all the connected units must remain within the rated value for the isolating transformer.
Tissue reactions to implant corrosion or implant wear debris
In catheter ablation procedures, there is the risk of exposure to considerable radiation. The intensity of the X-rays and the duration of the radiation can lead to acute radiation damage or to an increased risk of physical or genetic defects for patients and RF generator users. Therefore, only perform catheter ablations after carefully considering the potential radiation dose. In addition, the long-term risk of prolonged X-ray imaging has not been determined.
The prosthesis should be placed carefully in a metal tray for autoclaving.
Please refer to the Compatibility Matrix Insert for Compatible Carto® 3 Systems as each catheter is compatible with a specific version of Carto® 3 and is not backwards compatible with previous versions of Carto® 3 EP Navigation Systems.
Reduce suction when device is not in use.
POWER SWITCH Provides power to the pump.
Galvanic corrosion may occur.
They should be tested according to the BI or CI manufacturer's directions.
The long-term potential local and systemic biological effects of metal wear debris and metal ion production is not known nor the relationship to metal ion levels.
Insert the dialator into the hemostasis valve.
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
The device is designed to deliver laser energy at the 532nm wavelength.
Revision Tibial Insert components.
These instructions apply to reusable U.S. Class III non-sterile surgical instruments, supplied by DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. or DePuy International Ltd., and intended for reprocessing in a health care facility setting.
Appropriate clinical instruction in the use of the Biosense Webster TX-iQ Bi­Directional Navigation Catheter should also be completed.
Contact between the porous coated components and cloth or other fiber releasing materials should be avoided in order to minimize contamination of the porous surfaces with adherent fibers.
All of these operations can produce defects in the surface finish and internal stress concentrations, which may become the focal point for eventual failure of the implant.
4.6 Video Specialty Setup 13
The overall weight of the devices and accessories installed must not exceed the specified maximum overall payload of the height adjustment.
The bearing components are not secured to the metal tibial platforms, but move within the tracks to maintain congruent contact with the femoral prosthesis up to 40° of flexion.
You may repeat this process once if needed to remove air from the cylinder.
© DePuy Synthes Mitek Sports Medicine, a division of DOI 2013 - 2014.
Scratches or dents can result in instrument breakage or soft tissue injury.
Presence of a previous prosthetic hip replacement device (any type, including surface replacement arthroplasty, endoprosthesis, etc.) in the hip joint to be operated,
• Patients with uncorrected bleeding disorders or patients who cannot receive anticoagulation or antiplatelet aggregation therapy.
The delivery system is compatible with 0.035 in (0.89 mm) guidewires.
Advised: A message is displayed to encourage the user to prime the line before infusion.
Connect the male end into a wall outlet that meets the specifications provided in "8.3, Physical Specifications".
The cleaning and sterilization information is provided in accordance with ANSI/AAMIST81, EN ISO 17664, AAMI TIR 12, EN/ISO 17665-1 and AAMI ST77.
When using the Biosense Webster ThermoCool® SF NAV Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter with conventional systems (using fluoroscopy to determine catheter tip location), or with the Carto® EP Navigation System, careful catheter manipulation must be performed in order to avoid cardiac damage, perforation, or tamponade.
In using partial weight bearing or nonweight bearing appliances (orthopaedic devices other than prosthesis) a surgeon should be aware of the following.
The catheter has two electrodes on the deflectable tip to provide for visualization of the tip when used with the Carto® 3 EP Navigation system.
The Distal Filter should be positioned just beyond the Articulating Sheath tip and movement should be minimized once it is fully expanded in the vessel.
Position the steering knobs in the neutral position by aligning the marks on the steering knobs to the marks on the housing.
Observe "Use By" Date.
NOTE: The AMS 700 CXR was not available at the time the clinical study was conducted.
** the isolates tested were not susceptible to rifampin (rifampicin) and/or minocycline HCI control disks
Number of Isolates
Verify that the connection cable to the catheter is not damaged and that it is properly connected.
DePuy Mitek FMS VUE Fluid Management and Tissue Debridement System is intended to provide controlled fluid distention and suction, controlled cutting, burring, shaving and abrading of bone and tissue for use in arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder, knee, ankle, elbow, wrist and hip joints.
PARTIAL HIP PROSTHESIS
LCS All Poly Tibia CS
Ensure that both the Front Handle Lock and the Rear Handle Lock are tightened.
A Total Hip Prosthesis is composed of individually packaged metal femoral hip stem, modular metal or ceramic femoral head and 2 piece metal-backed Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE), ceramic or metal*, or all UHMWPE acetabular components designed to replace the natural articular surface of the hip joint.
• Store in a cool, dry, dark place and do not exceed 51°C (124°F).
RF power may be delivered to the same or alternate sites using the same catheter.
Above Joint >> Decrease Pressure
Pressure setting may need to be separately validated for sterilizers that need a pressure setting.
Do not use the pump with the following fluids:
Improper prosthesis implant selection or alignment, inadequate fixation, use where contraindicated or in patients whose medical, physical, mental, or occupational conditions will likely result in extreme stresses to the implant, may result in premature failure due to loosening, fracture, or wear.
Connect the coaxial connector to gas or liquid source, and adjust the flow rate.
Femoral Components (12/14 Taper)
Mundinger F., Riechert T., Gabriel E.
These devices are only intended to be used when definitive fusion is being performed at all instrumented levels
Then restart ablation.
In conclusion, this human clinical evidence from the InhibiZone PIF analysis indicates the revisions due to infection were significantly lower among patients who received an AMS 700 Device treated with InhibiZone when compared to a nontreated AMS 700 Device.
The focal length of the zoom coupler determines the size of the image on the display.
The ATTUNE Revision LPS Insert is only compatible with the LPS Distal Femur Replacement, S-ROM® NOILES™ Hinge Femoral Component, and the ATTUNE Revision Rotating Platform Tibial Base.
If this happens, press the PRESET workflow button on the Navigation Bar to refresh the screen.
Equipotential bonding should be carried out for the stationary carrier system.
The difference in means at 24 months was not significant (p = 0.230).
Renal artery ablation procedures should be performed by appropriately trained personnel.
A Hemi-Hip Prosthesis is comprised of an individually packaged metal monoblock femoral stem or a metal femoral stem for use with a modular head designed to replace the natural femoral head and neck in hemiarthroplasty.
2) Damage to blood vessels (e.g. iliac, obturator and femoral artery).
8.8 Isolation Requirements 49
If other pumps are used in parallel, it is recommended that their pressure limits be adjusted to the same level.
Unlock code disabled
Additionally, a variety of curve types are available.
The key timepoints are shown below in the tables summarizing safety and effectiveness.
Often these patients have very severe bone loss or poor bone stock or both.
IFU-0902-00-879-EN
Table 1 - Screens
"0" The isolating transformer is switched off, the rocker is not illuminated
The QStim™ catheters are sterilized with ethylene oxide.
Memory 12 clips are indicated for osteotomies of the first phalange of the foot.
It is the responsibility of the physician in charge to determine whether the application of the Camera Control System is acceptable based on the patient's condition.
Cable for Link+ serial interfacing
The Elite Hemi Heads (9/10 Taper) must only be used with femoral components with a 9/10 taper distributed by DePuy.
The paddle is then withdrawn from the syringe with the scraper held in place so that adhering bone cement is retained in the syringe, thus cleaning the paddle of bone cement.
Using the augmentation device as a guide (in situ), drill holes of 3.5 mm diameter through the holes in the device into the acetabular cup to a total depth of 30 mm.
• If a hypersensitivity reaction develops to a device treated with InhibiZone, the penile prosthesis should be removed and the patient treated appropriately.
To avoid the risk of electrical shock, this equipment must only be connected to a mains supply with protective earth.
Early motion and load bearing should be carefully monitored.
See Acetabular Mesh label instructions for steam sterilisation parameters that need to be completed prior to use.
Do not allow contact of any component with hard objects.
Definitive implants and trial</cf>
The TRUESPAN Meniscal Repair System is intended to be used for anchoring the allograft to the meniscal rim during allograft transplant procedures.
• Carefully read all instructions and labeling prior to use.
To connect an accessory cable to the remote control, align the arrow on the plug with the mark on the receptacle and push in without unnecessary force until a click indicates that the connector is locked in the receptacle.
In the preconnected systems, the connections between the pump and cylinders are already made.
Endoscopes are available with outer shaft diameters between. and mm.
-10% / +20% (36 to 60 ml/min)
Before implanting a taper sleeved ceramic femoral head for a revision of a well fixed femoral stem, the male taper on the well-fixed femoral stem should be wiped clean of any blood, bone chips or other foreign materials.
Carto® and nMARQ™ are trademarks of Biosense Webster, Inc.
1.5 kV insulation from external system + provides double insulation (4 kV) from mains
Medical Records Study
DELTA CTATM Reverse Shoulder Prosthesis
Color Settings Screen Text String
Do not begin clinical use without reviewing the Instructions for Use (this document).
If the spot is unacceptable, DO NOT USE.
When using fluoroscopy, there is the risk of exposure to considerable radiation.
Table 6 - Recommended separation distances between portable and mobile RF communication equipment and Link+ Agilia
It remains the responsibility of the processor to ensure that the processing as actually performed, using equipment, materials, and personnel in the processing facility, achieves the desired result.
The eyepiece of the endoscope is compatible with C-mount camera couplers.
Table 4. Packaging Label Descriptions 9
Non volatile 128 Mbytes
Cleaning and Disinfecting the Pump
Be sure that no patient is being infused by IV pumps connected to the Link.
23. When ablating near the phrenic nerve, take precautions to avoid injuring the phrenic nerve, including appropriately reducing RF power and pacing to identify the proximity of the nerve.
In the event that the instructions below cannot be completed as directed, please contact Customer Service to have the instruments returned for processing.
However, since providing the AMS 700 LGX in preconnected form is not expected to affect the safety and effectiveness of the prosthesis, these clinical results also apply to the new model.
Observe Point of Use and transport procedures as described below.
This device includes an irrigation lumen for connection to a source of continuous drip anticoagulant fluid.
Maximum infusion pressure generated
The Adjustable Cortical XL Implant (232449) is available for passing tunnels that breach the cortex.
7.3.2 Physical Inspection
Comminuted bone surface that would militate against secure fixation of the implant.
Ablation # and Reset button
(Green / 2.5" 5 / 6.4 cm)
Network - Invalid credentials
Minus Button Short Press
An increase in the saturation level will amplify the difference between the colors without changing the total brightness of the image.
O.D / I.D
These conditions must be evaluated as part of the preoperative planning.
3.5 Plug-in cable connector
3 V/m (non life support) or 10 V/m (life support)
Degenerative diseases, such as osteoporosis, Paget's disease, etc.
Stent Nominal Diameter (mm)
Care should be taken when ablating near structures such as the sino-atrial and atrioventricular nodes.
Refer to the Instructions for Use packaged with total knee and hip arthroplasty components for indications specific to those systems.
Table - Recommended Separation Distances Between Portable and Mobile RF Communications Equipment and the nMARQ™ Multi‑Channel RF Generator
inspection, cleaning, assembly for use, sterilization and storage.
The shaft and tip sections of the catheter are constructed from a polyurethane blended material with internal stainless steel braiding to provide increased torsional control and lateral stability.
For applicable instruments needing to be disassembled for adequate cleaning, a copy of the Disassembly Instruction is included in the package.
SOLO mode provides irrigation only.
Standard features of this catheter include a braided bi-directional deflectable tip section, an array of four platinum electrodes, a high torque shaft and a choice of either thermistor or thermocouple temperature sensing capabilities.
Please observe the instructions as follows:
Refer to the appropriate documentation (Instructions for Use) for cleaning and maintenance instructions for FMS accessories.
Leakage should not exceed 1.0 microamp at 250 volts and resistance should not exceed 10 ohms.
The material ensures optimized pre-formability and stability which is important after removing the dilator from the sheath.
Surgeons should not begin the clinical use of any hip prosthesis before they have thoroughly familiarized themselves with its specific implantation technique together with the correct component selection and sizing as described in the surgical technique manual.
Table 10. Home Screen Icons 19
• Do not exceed 70 watts during ablation.
Systemic or local adverse events or complications resulting from anesthesia.
Pump power inlet
While cleaving, if you slip off the target area, STOP.
Exclusively for clinical investigation.
Connect the pump to a power supply.
Above 5 mL, you must release and press the key again to restart priming.
The charts provide information that is important to the successful outcome of the surgical procedure if the bone cement is to be used at a temperature other than that recommended (73°F (23°C)).
Compromise of the vertebral body or walls of the pedicles.
The No Pump Control icon indicates either that the pump is off, that the pump is not connected to the generator (when Pump1 and/or Pump2 is checked on the Advanced Settings screen), that the monitor is on but the console is off, or that a monitor and console are not connected.
The porous coated and textured tibial trays are available in sizes 1 through 7.
Personnel (hospital and service personnel) working directly or indirectly with a stationary carrier system must be instructed!
Connect the Inflow Tubing as described in Section 5.1.
In line with the recommendations of the American College of Radiology, DePuy recommends that a professional familiar with the specific MRI apparatus to be used assess the patient prior to any MRI examination or therapy.</cf>
The Biosense Webster PentaRay® NAV eco High-Density Mapping Catheter has not been shown to be safe and effective for radio frequency (RF) ablation.
3 Reverse Pedal
See Sections,, and,, for information on changing settings during ablation.
This system is intended to treat spinal deformities including idiopathic scoliosis, degenerative scoliosis, neuromuscular deformities, deformities resulting from kyphosis, lordosis, fractures, loss of stability due to tumour or trauma, spinal stenosis, a previously failed back surgery or degenerative disc disease (i.e., discogenic back pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and radiographic studies).
Press the arrow keys to modify the flow rate or dose.
The Camera Control System is a reusable device that is not intended to come into contact with the patient.
The user might need to take mitigation measures, such as relocating or re-orienting the equipment.
LASSO™ 2515 Variable Circular Mapping Catheter
Follow the instruction manual for the isolating transformer.
Follow the recommendations in the instructions for use provided with the therapeutic catheters that are used with the system.
Federal (USA) Law restricts the sale of this device by or on the order of a physician.
Prior to Setup, clean and sterilize the Camera Head according to the instructions in this document.
Note: Use of fluoroscopy and echocardiographic imaging (TEE recommended) should be used when implanting the device.
Maintenance reminder message (optional).
Electrical fast transient /burst
The generator's impedance indicator should be continuously observed during RF energy emission.
* Reverse Osmosis Deionized (RODI) or Purified (PUR) Water
Follow local ordinances for recycling and/or disposal of packaging and other materials.
In this example, "2.2.0" is the version of the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator application software on the monitor, "S_103" is the version of the software on the console, and "H_82" is the hardware version of the console.
Press the RUN/STOP pad to restart the pump.
System Default Controls
Camera Head to Control System Connection
The QStim™-Adapter is an adapter system for temporary pacemakers and EP-measuring systems.
The sterility of the device may be compromised.
System management, PC, PDMS, or maintenance connection
DO NOT RE-STERILIZE SUMMIT DuoFix Porous Hip Stems.
"Fragile, Handle With Care"
Press the arrow keys to program the bolus volume or dose, and press OK.
If soil is still present, re-clean the instrument.</cf>
Press to enable or disable the DPS function (optional).
The RP inserts articulate with the RP primary bases.
Post prostatectomy, vascular disease, and diabetes were also commonly reported as the etiology leading to the need for the AMS 700 Devices.
• For landmarks above the umbilicus the calculated temperature rise was 2.9°C for a whole body average SAR value of 2.0 W/kg and a continuous scan time of 15 minutes.
• Each package of TANDEM Microspheres is intended for single patient use only.
• Soak soiled instruments for a minimum of 10 minutes.
Button for increasing the volume of the RF and alert tones generated by the remote monitor (Local monitor:
Load the blunt end of this needle into the Furlow Insertion Tool (Figure 26) and place the suture into the tool slot.
P Button Short Press
Certain femoral prostheses rely on subsidence for maintenance of fixation.
Prepare another 60 mL syringe in this manner.
Disconnect the Coupler/direct-coupled endoscope from the Camera Head.
A notification appears in the upper left of the display to verify that the image has been captured.
The color in the arrow moves from left to right to indicate that the test is running.
Low (Standby) Flow button
Also, if using a remote control, a pump, a Carto® System, or an electrophysiology recording system, verify that the connections to those systems are functional prior to starting the first steps of the procedure.
Removing the COOLFLOW® Tubing Set from the Pump
5. A backup means for activation should be available (i.e., second wireless footswitch, wired footswitch, or electrode with hand controls).
Starting the Irrigation Flow
If postoperative breakage or chipping of the ceramic femoral head component is confirmed, surgery for its removal must be performed as soon as reasonably possible.
CIRCULATING PERSON - Open outer hood/gown pouch.
Wet an absorbent, low-lint cloth in the prepared cleaning solution and wipe off the outer surfaces of the handpiece and cleaning wire (refer to), paying special attention to crevices and other difficult to clean areas, until all visible debris is removed, or for a minimum of five minutes.
Table - Recommended RF Application Parameters for ThermoCool® SF Catheters
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" complexscriptssize="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="off">Rev. D
Polycarbonate, ABS, fluorinated ethylene propylene (FEP), silicone, nylon, and stainless steel.
To insert the anchor:
1 Basic Profile
At the Copy Logs screen, select Delete after copy so that the files will be deleted from the hard drive after they have been transferred to the USB flash drive.
For information about an extended warranty, contact Customer Service or your Biosense Webster representative.
Implant the Pump
• Only those mobile equipment carriers may be operated whose main voltage equipment has been tested and approved by appropriate, qualified personnel!
Stent Deployment Procedure (Reference Figure 1)
• Transport & Storage Conditions
Temperature exceedance (yellow)
Use of the Cruciate Retaining Femoral Component and mating tibial inserts and patellae is contraindicated in cases of nonreconstructible ligament laxity.
Check light transmission by applying room lighting to the end of the light post.
The flatter side of the tool should face toward the cylinder.
(1) Sinus Microstat, 90° Right Hand
Use a 2.7mm or 7/64" drill with 3.5mm diameter peripheral screws.
PRODUCT REPLACEMENT INFORMATION
• Loosening or breakage of the pins or wires;
Confirm that the syringe is correctly installed in the pump.
4.2 Controls on the Front of the Generator 15
Close left cover.
Do not run the cable to the Foot Pedal that it obstructs walkways/access.
Users should consult the technique guide or the Instructions for Use of the concerned system for specific instructions in the use of powered instruments.
6.4.3 Making Temporary Changes to Ablation Settings 53
Press System Control on the Navigation Bar to open the System Control screen (see the image in Section,).
Fill a 5 ml syringe with heparinized sterile saline and attach to the stopcock on the end of the tubing set.
Send for repair or remove from service.
Be sure that the power supply network is insulated, protected and sized to support this medical device equipment.
(Refer to Sizing Guide, Table 1).
The Biosense Webster PREFACE® sheath, MOBICATH™ sheath or an 8F sheath is recommended.
Verify that the temperature readings displayed by the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator (for each of the catheter's thermocouples) do not exceed 37 °C after the catheter is inserted into the patient.
To choose a surgeon and upload surgeon settings for the case, select a name in the list in the Surgeon area of the Patient Information screen (Figure 6).
The sterile packaging and catheter should be inspected prior to use.
Components are indicated for use only with polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA) bone cement in accordance with Federal (USA) requirements.
Care should be taken to ensure that all articulating surfaces are not damaged during handling or implantation.
b) Flow of fluid should be visible and similar from each ring electrode with the catheter loop facing downward and parallel to the floor.
An indifferent electrode is only required when the unipolar ablation method is used.
The risks of reuse include but are not limited to compromised device function and patient safety
Use trials to determine proper tibial insert sizing.
The user sets the ablation duration.
Refer to the VAPR VUE User Manual for instructions on how to adjust the ABLATE and COAG power settings on the generator panel.
Date / Time
Pathology involving only the femoral head/neck and/or proximal femur that can be adequately treated by hemi-hip arthroplasty.
Be certain that the size of the shell corresponds to the size of the liner.
Rotate the thumb knob to select Manual Unipolar
CAUTION: Do not re-sterilize or reuse this device.
The internal flash memory has become corrupt.
If video loss persists, reset device
P.F.C.® SIGMA® Knee System Inset Patella Reamer and Drill Bit
The only connection required is between the pump and the reservoir.
Flush all lumens and crevices.
The use of certain special surgical instruments is suggested in the performance of this surgery.
Self-test of the ELG insulation monitor:
Pull sideways on doubled-over free limb to remove from side slots on suture card.
The risk of burns can be reduced but not eliminated by placing the electrodes and probes as far away as possible from the ablation site and the indifferent electrode.
Verify that all of the visual and audible indicators available on the remote control are functional (see Section,).
Excessive physical activity and trauma affecting the operated limb may be the cause of early failure of the arthroplasty through displacement, fracture and/or wear of the implant.
Three of 10 were investigational and 7 of 10 were control devices.
Sterilize the endoscope and light cable adapters disassembled.
The User's Manual is provided with the VAPR VUE Generator.
With the catheter loop facing downward and parallel to the floor, flow of fluid should be visible and similar from each ring electrode.
A femoral hip stem is one component of a total or hemi hip prosthesis.
The Manual Pump Control icon indicates that the pump is being controlled manually.
To change button presets, refer to "5.4.4, Advanced Settings:
Use of supplemental fixation components (stems and/or sleeves) is recommended when using augments or a constrained (CRS) bearing.
<cf complexscriptsfont="MyriadPro-Regular" complexscriptssize="4">Excessive physical activity or trauma to the replaced joint may contribute to premature failure of the hip replacement by causing a change in position, fracture, and/or wear of the implants</cf><cf complexscriptsfont="MyriadPro-Regular" complexscriptssize="4" bold="on">.
1. Disassemble the Furlow Insertion Tool if used.
Excessive force may damage the electrode tip assembly.
Orange ALARM LED illuminates.
For ablation, the catheter is used in conjunction with a compatible radiofrequency generator, interface cables and a dispersive pad (reference electrode).
The system consists of a high frequency electrosurgical generator, a reusable handpiece with connector cable, disposable electrodes, alternative disposable electrodes with integrated connector cable, a footswitch and a wireless footswitch alternative.
Follow local regulations for disposal of the cable.
To initiate the high flow rate with thefoot pedal:
Green soap, green soap tincture (US Pharmacopeia), or alcohol-free hand soap.
If using the light cable with Xenon light sources greater than 300 W, serious burns can occur.
Attune Rotating Platform (RP) Total Knee System
Monitor the power, temperature, and impedance of each active electrode during the procedure.
4 minutes / 30 minute dry time for metal or metal/poly trays and 45 minute dry time for all poly trays.
Based on data obtained from prior animal and clinical studies, recommended RF application parameters are provided below in the "Directions for Use" and in Table 1. Always monitor temperature and impedance rise when using the ThermoCool® SmartTouch™ Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter.
1920 x 1080 (50Hz / 60Hz) Progressive
Ununited humeral head fractures.
Please use time-lag fuses only (T label) for the isolating transformer.
However, because of increased risk for complications such as infection, slow wound healing, etc., the physician should carefully consider the advisability of ankle replacement in the severely diabetic patient.
Ceramic femoral heads, prostheses with ceramic coatings and components manufactured from or containing UHMWPE (ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene) CANNOT be re-sterilized.
Carefully remove the unit from the box and place it on a level and sturdy surface.
Make sure that all Agilia pumps installed on one Link are only connected to a single patient.
The post hoc primary analysis on the Subset Cohort of subjects who received S-ROM and Summit Porocoat stems did not yield a conclusion of non-inferiority.
For installations where this Medical Electrical Equipment is used adjacent to or stacked with other equipment, the system should be observed to verify normal operation prior to use.
ultra high molecular weight polyethylene
Press Tools to open the Advanced Settings screen (see Section,).
When Power Control Mode is selected in the preset, "Power Control" is displayed at the top of the screen. (See the sample screen in Section,.)
The ATTUNE Revision Tibial Sleeves are not compatible with the ATTUNE Primary RP Tibial Base or the ATTUNE Revision Fixed Bearing Tibial Base.
The generator does not allow RF energy to be delivered between electrodes that are not adjacent.
The liquid in these places should be wiped away before the generator is turned on.
• Obliterated medullary canal or other conditions which tend to retard healing such as blood supply limitations, previous infections, etc.
1.2 General explanation of the symbols 9
5°C (41°F) to 40°C (104°F)
Maximum power used should not exceed 35 W and maximum duration should not exceed 30 seconds.
DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. used the following cleaning agents during validation of these reprocessing recommendations.
Factory (pre-set) Camera Head Button Settings
If the patient is having mechanical difficulty with the device, or there is infection or erosion present, revision surgery may be necessary.
Total operating time since last maintenance
3. Connect the accessories to the pump (Figure 6).
You can modify the pressure limit as follows:
A.1 FMS VUE II Isolation Diagram
System status LED is green.
CAUTION: Check the tubing before closing the assembly tool.
Further information on the use of CONFIDENCE High Viscosity Spinal Cement can be obtained from the manufacturer.
If it is not possible to remove the battery or during a short period (less than 2 months) it is recommended to charge the battery at least once a month, by leaving the device connected to the main power supply for at least 15 hours.
Keep out of direct sunlight
Biosense Webster Celsiusâ ThermoCoolâ Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter
If required, press OK to confirm the empty syringe mode.
The proprietary SmartConnector™ permits the laser to recognize the delivery device and the software safety features.
Only a cobalt-chromium alloy (Co-Cr-Mo) femoral head should be used in this circumstance.
Sizes 4 and 5
The patient must be aware of the limitations of the prosthesis and be instructed, preferably in writing, to restrict activities involving the implant to a nonstrenuous level.
The ThermoCool® SF NAV Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip catheter must be stored in a cool, dry place.
Remove from the package using accepted aseptic technique only after the correct size has been determined.
Please refer to the User Manuals for the irrigation pump and RF generator for instructions on connecting and operating these systems in conjunction with the Celsius® ThermoCool® RD Ablation Catheter.
Test this equipment prior to installation or setup.
Heat assisted drying cycle
The ULTIMA Unipolar Heads and ULTIMA Unipolar Head Sleeve Adapters are supplied in a range of sizes.
The electrode is not cooling.
The EXPEDIUM VERSE Spine System consists of longitudinal rods, monoaxial screws, polyaxial screws, uni-planar screws, reduction screws, cable/wire screws, bolts, slotted connectors, wires, hooks, reduction hooks, transverse connectors, SFX Cross Connector System, dual rod connectors, sacral extenders, lateral connectors, and washers.
Insert the distal tip of the PEEK or BR anchor into the bone hole while maintaining the same axial alignment.
To minimize moisture affecting generator performance, verify that the connectors of the cable are completely dry.
Place the Redel connector of the CoolFlowâ Irrigation Pump foot pedal () in the socket at the back of the pump (#8 in).
Saline tubes from the Arthroscope sheath, and outflow sheaths that return to the pump Isolated Parts are:
• Introducer or guide sheath of appropriate size and length and equipped with a hemostatic valve
Initial CE mark for humeral stems, humeral epiphysis, glenosphere, metaglene, metaglene screws, humeral cup, humeral spacer and humeral head:
Note: Aspirin should be started one day prior to scheduled procedure and continued daily.
• Do not place or drop instrumentation onto the fiber.
WARNING: Do not pull excessively on the Sentinel System to avoid filter membrane tears, filter hoop detachment, system damage or patient harm during use.
Implants designed to interface with a specific rod diameter are NOT compatible with other rod diameters unless otherwise specified.
4.5.12 Setting Up Irrigated Catheters with the Irrigation Pump and Tubing 19
Verify that the power supply meets the specifications in Section,, and then check to see whether a fuse is broken.
Toggle Light Source, Toggle Timer, Start White Balance, Toggle Record, Capture Image, Delete Last Capture, and No Action.
-Static magnetic field of 3 T or less
2.1.2 Operating Warnings
The QStim™-Adapter does not have direct contact with body tissues or fluids.
The ATTUNE ® Revision LPS™ Insert bearings are designed to replace the tibio-femoral articular surface of the knee joint when used in conjunction with a femoral, tibial, patellar, and other associated prosthesis as required.
when added to a text, this symbol represents an alert to a potential hazard which could result in serious personal injury and/or product damage if the written instructions are not followed.
The user can set the ablation duration. The generator displays the elapsed ablation time during the ablation procedure. (See Section,.)
If there is no data set uploaded to the pump, the pump can be used with the Basic Profile, without the protections of the software.
Displaying drug library information
Press Start on the local or remote monitor or press and hold down the foot pedal.
<cf font="Arial" size="10" complexscriptsfont="Arial" complexscriptssize="10" asiantextfont="Arial" fontcolor="211D1E">Steam
Order number (catalogue number)
Effective steam sterilization can be achieved using the following cycle:
Camera Head LED Indicator
If using multiple syringe pumps and it is not clinically feasible to have all pumps level with the distal tip of the catheter (or the site of fluid delivery), place the high risk or life-sustaining medications as close to level with the distal tip of the catheter as possible.
improper cement mantle and positioning; inadequate cleaning prior to cementing; improper use of bone grafting; or inadvertent motion while the cement is polymerizing.
An additional confirmation will be required.
If you consent to have your knee replacement performed with the support of a TRUMATCH™ Personalized Solutions instrument, then images of your knee, together with limited personal information, will need to be collected to allow the creation and manufacturing of the instrument.
Change the Tube Set.
Once removed from the peel pouch, the device is connected to suction tubing via the suction port located on the handle.
A catheter with multiple ablation electrodes is required for the bipolar application method.
Particular requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of high frequency surgical equipment
External standard Mini B slave connector
Note: The slot on the distal end of the Furlow Insertion Tool stem should be brushed by pushing the head of the brush against the slot starting at the proximal end and moving outwardly toward the distal end of the device.
SmartSet HV Bone Cement is supplied sterile for single use only.
Trials must have the same size and thickness as the corresponding devices to be permanently implanted.
If used in the presence of electrical equipment, noise could be induced into the cable.
This product is exclusively designed for venous use.
Receptacles for indifferent electrode cables
Select either Warning or Cut‑Off.
9. Disabilities of other joints (i.e., knees and ankles).
If evidence of one or more of these conditions is discovered, patients should be closely observed, the possibilities of further deterioration evaluated, and the benefits of early revision considered.</cf>
There is a problem with the connection cable from the generator to the pump.
This catheter may damage the prosthetic tricuspid valve of a patient if the catheter is accidentally advanced through the valve.
METHOD OF USE
The crimp sleeve is secured to the tensioned cable using a specially designed crimping instrument.
Recycling of obsolete batteries and devices:
A tone is emitted during the Pre-RF time.
HDMI Video Port
Tubing Part Numbers
Serial or Lot Number of product to be returned.
Note especially the instructions in Section,.
Pump - flow in idle mode should be Low
• Furthermore, all configurations must comply with the valid version of the standard IEC 60601-1.
< 5% Ut
The test is performed cyclically every 8 hours during operation and can also be triggered manually using the "Test" button.
It might be necessary to take mitigation measures, such as re-orienting or relocating the nMARQ™ Multi‑Channel RF Generator or shielding the location.
If the RF generator does not display temperature, verify that the appropriate cable is plugged into the RF generator.
Ceramic heads without inner titanium sleeves are contraindicated in revision surgery when the femoral stem is well fixed and is not being replaced, except where otherwise indicated for revision use, with the addition of a tapered sleeve adapter.
The sterilization method is indicated on the outer package label of each component.
1. A severely painful and/or disabled joint from osteoarthritis, traumatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, or congenital hip dysplasia.
CAUTION: Do not prepare the Sentinel System or sheath the Proximal and Distal Filters until immediately prior to use.
A Purified water hot water rinse
2X Width of Access Sheath
Externally accessible fuses for the SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump are located under the fuse cover (see Item 25 in Section,). Use only fuses approved by the manufacturer.
The Link must be handled with care during storage.
Note: Extra tubing between the pump and cylinders of the AMS 700 CX, CXR, and LGX Preconnect may be tucked within the surrounding tissues.
Electromagnetic interference (EMI) produced by the Biosense Webster THERMOCOOL® SF NAV Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter, when used in conjunction with a compatible RF generator during normal operation, may adversely affect the performance of other equipment.
When connecting the syringe's extension set to the patient's access device, always use aseptic technique according to your healthcare facility policy.
Wearing of a second pair of surgical gloves and strict adherence to the mixing instructions may diminish the possibility of hypersensitivity reactions.
The screws are not approved for support or fixation to the posterior elements (pedicles) of the cervical, thoracic or lumbar spine.
When a noticeable decrease in airflow is detected, battery pack should be changed immediately to avoid damage to the battery.
Results for these secondary outcomes are given below for both treatment groups.
General risks associated with surgery and anesthesia such as neurological, cardiac and respiratory deficit
Insert a 2.25 mm lumen brush wetted in the cleaning solution into the suction channel.
If all is satisfactory, press the RUN/STOP pad to restart the pump.
DePuy Mitek recommends the seal should be replaced at a minimum every third time batteries are replaced.
Correlation between changes in circulating concentrations of methylmethacrylate/methacrylic acid and changes in blood pressure has not been established.
(All Porous Coated Device Configurations Only)
Electrostatic Discharge (ESD)
The NOILES Posterior Stabilized Knee components are individually packaged and supplied STERILE.
2.7.3 The isolating transformer
DO NOT RESTERILIZE.
Preset Video Settings
In countries where local regulatory requirements permit the re-sterilization of "open but unused" metal products only, the following parameters have been validated as providing a sterility assurance level (SAL) 10-6.
6. Immediately remove and discard the disposable suture needle after completion of the surgery.
When ablating near the phrenic nerve, take precautions to avoid injuring the phrenic nerve, including appropriately reducing RF power and pacing to identify the proximity of the nerve.
Excessive force may cause dissection and/or perforation of Coronary Sinus or other cardiac structures.
The metal-backed patellar component consists of a Co-Cr-Mo alloy anchoring plate with an integral trunnion cone to which an UHMW-PE bearing component is fastened.
Follow the instructions for use provided with the pump.
The bone screws, available in a choice of sized; locking pins; and apical hole plugs are made of titanium.
Noiles Rotating Hinge
(not translated) European Community Representative:
Flush the fiber lumen with warm utility water
The catheters identified in Table 1 have been validated for use with the nMARQTM Multi-Channel RF Generator.
The Carto® Systems display the proximal temperature value as "0".
Typical initial training duration: 1 hour.
CAUTION: If the fiber jacket is stripped prior to insertion in the Microstat, the exposed glass tip may break during insertion, particularly in those models with angled shapes.
Connect Link+ serial cable on Link+ RS232 serial communication connector (see picture).
These components should not be used with implant components from another manufacturer since the matching of parts from different manufacturers cannot be assured.
The MITEK CRUCIATE+ Guide Carriage is intended for general surgical use during orthopedic procedures.
Type CF equipment
Optionally, turn on the remote control.
A surgeon should not begin clinical use of the HEALIX Ti anchor without reviewing the Instructions for Use and practicing the procedure in a skills laboratory.
If a Pre‑RF time has been set for fluid control, RF energy will not start until after the fluid has flowed for the Pre‑RF amount of time (see Section,).
However, when using AMS 700 LGX™ Devices, some physicians choose to measure distally from the distal edge of a 2 cm corporotomy and proximally from the proximal end of a 2 cm corporotomy for optimal device sizing.
* In the USA and Canada, ceramic heads are not approved for use with metal inserts
For power settings up to 50 W, the clinical operator may select any combination of power and RF application time, guided by the clinical judgment and expertise of the clinical operator as well as the anatomical area of interest.
The Innova Self-Expanding Stent System is indicated for the treatment of peripheral vascular lesions.
When enabled, an action animation will appear on the medical display when images and videos are being saved to the USB flash Drive and when images are being printed.
Thereby, for unloaded systems sudden, unbraked activation of the height adjustment can result in injuries and damage.
Insert the Notcher instrument over the guidewire and notch the socket or tunnel.
Data Set:Display Information
For more information, refer to the IEEE 802.11.
No Acetabular Osteolysis
BASIC-ADVANCED equivalency table for the VAPR TRIPOLAR 90 SUCTION Electrode:
Deep Dish Rotating Platform bearings are also available in small, small+, standard, standard +, large and large + in 10, 12.5, 15, 17.5, 20, 22.5 and 25 mm thicknesses.
Connection Cable from SmartAblate™ RF Generator to SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump (Redel‑10 à Redel‑10, blue)
4) Vascular insufficiency, muscular atrophy, or neuromuscular disease.
Always use the thumb knob to straighten the catheter tip before insertion or withdrawal of the catheter.
The femoral heads are manufactured from BIOLOX® delta alumina (A12O3) matrix composite ceramic by CeramTec GmbH.
Caution should be used when overriding the default power settings.
1.1 Correct usage 7
No syringe is installed on the pump.
Otherwise, the tilting stability cannot be guaranteed (refer to Point 2.4).
Video cable not connected to device
Procedures other than those listed in the INDICATIONS section.
Deformation of the cleaning wire such that it cannot pass through the suction channel.
appendix a Applied Parts
A fiber optic cable attaches the light source and TSS Retractor Light Strip.
After unipolar ablation starts, the generator continuously monitors the connection from the indifferent electrode to the generator and to the patient and displays an alert message, issues an error tone, and stops ablation as soon as the indifferent electrode current decreases by an unacceptable amount.
Made in France Revision date: September 2017
Do not attempt to operate the DecaNav™ Catheter prior to completely reading and understanding these Instructions for Use.
Sterilized using steam or dry heat
Consistent use of prophylactic antibiotics.
RP tibial inserts should be within 2 sizes of the RP tibial base.
The Celsiusâ ThermoCoolâ RD Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter has not been evaluated in patients with Type I diabetes mellitus.
As the tubing is partially buried in the corpora, using Method A has the potential to increase the likelihood of tubing compression or kinking, which may reduce fluid flow.
is a transportable and reusable device that can be used everyday.
Any physician using this accessory should be thoroughly familiar with and trained in the surgical procedure being performed prior to using this handpiece.
equipment, materials, and personnel in the processing facility, achieves the desired result. This requires validation and routine
When the Duration time (set on the Advanced Settings screen - see Section ‎8.3, Advanced Settings Screen) is reached, ablation stops automatically and the screen freezes for 3 seconds with the ablation data displayed.
The device is radiating non-ionizing electromagnetic radiation. (See Section,.)
Focal Unipolar Mode (see)
Then, a temperature error is simulated, the TEMP LED is continuously lit and a 2.4 kHz warning tone sounds intermittently; both will extinguish after ca. 5 seconds.
The inability to make bone cuts (e.g. inadequate bone stock) so as to assure correct component position, a firm press fit, and intimate apposition of the cut bone and prosthetic surfaces.
The patient is expected to follow the detailed instructions provided to him/her.
Network - Failure
2. Using aseptic technique, remove the catheter and insertion tool from the package and place in a sterile work area.
If there is insufficient bone to use the Corail AMT stem for a primary implantation, the Corail Revision stems may be considered.
The BIOSTOP™ G cement restrictor is to be used with the BIOSTOP™ G Instrumentation Set as follows.
The SmartAblate™ Irrigation Pump automatically adjusts for the necessary mains voltage and frequency.
Contact your biomedical department or Fresenius Kabi After-Sales Service immediately
See Figure 1. Ensure that the flush port stopcock is closed following flushing.
The LCS Unicompartmental knee is a unicompartmental knee replacement intended for use without bone cement.
Autoclave (Steam) Sterilization
Press OK to confirm the drug library version, or C to change the profile.
The joint pressure estimate is the tubing/sheath loss subtracted from the measured pump pressure.
High ablation temperatures can lead to clot formation, charring of the heart tissue or blood, and/or evaporation of interstitial intracellular fluid.
4.0mm Barrel Tornado Burr
Once the sheath is inserted into the vasculature and the dilator is removed, aspirate until steady blood return is achieved prior to flushing or infusion.
Do not attempt to operate the nMARQ™ Crescent Irrigated Catheter or the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator prior to completely reading and understanding the applicable instructions for use.
*** The temperature displayed on the RF generator and the CARTO® 3 System is the highest of the six values.
Descriptions and specifications appearing in Biosense Webster Inc. printed matter, including this publication, are informational only and meant solely to generally describe the product at the time of manufacture and are not made or given as a warranty of the prescribed product in any way.
Turn off the remote control.
Optionally, connect other devices shown on the Connections screen.
Intertek Semko evaluated the FMS VUE II System and its accessories per standards IEC 60601-1 3rd edition:
PEEK and BR Anchor:
Sometimes, this cellular response may be manifested in the following ways:
When using probes that operate in CP Mode, ablation may occur even when ABLATE power is set to the minimum value of 10 W, resulting in possible unwanted ablation and tissue removal.
4.0mm Full Radius Blade Plus XL
-Replace shaver handpiece.
<cf font="Arial" size="11" complexscriptsfont="Arial" asiantextfont="Arial">The Control Cable System is comprised of an implantable cable and crimp sleeve for use as an internal cerclage fixation system in the management of fractures and reconstructive surgery.
Change blade rotation direction (Forward or Oscillate)
Use the size of centraliser equal or smaller to the diameter of the final reamer used.
You can change the temperature in increments of 1 degree.
The maximum and minimum temperatures are programmed into the generator. The user can set the maximum temperature limit. (See Section, and,.)
The sutures and implants re-approximate or fixate soft tissue of the meniscus.
Patients not skeletally mature that undergo spinal fusion Procedures may have longitudinal spinal growth, or may be at risk for rotational spinal deformities (the "crankshaft phenomenon") due to continued differential growth of the anterior spine.
RP Total Knee components, instruments and trial prostheses should not be used together with those of another manufacturer.
These prostheses should only be handled by personnel wearing sterile surgical gloves.
In all cases, monitoring systems incorporating high frequency current-limiting devices are recommended.
There have been reports of failure of bone to grow into the porous surface and fix components.
P.F.C Sigma P/S
* Refer to Labels for Recognised Manufacturer
This liquid component should not be allowed to come into contact with rubber or latex gloves.
<cf complexscriptsfont="MyriadPro-Regular" complexscriptssize="4">Prior to closure, the surgical site should be thoroughly cleansed of bone chips, ectopic bone, etc. Foreign particles at the metal/ plastic or ceramic/plastic interface may cause excessive wear.
Pediatric patients may have smaller spinal structures (pedicle diameter or length) that may preclude the use of pedicle screws or increase the risk of pedicle screw malpositioning and neurological or vascular injury.
Set Default pressure from 30 to 200 mmHg at startup.
Spinal cord impingement or damage.
When operating in SOLO mode, the pump provides irrigation and handpiece control.
Figure 2. Camera Control System Back Panel 6
If the ring is not correctly assembled in the first attempt, then remove and replace with both new liner and ring components.
Compatible EP Navigation System
To connect the catheter to devices which do not have shrouded 2 mm pin connectors, please use 2 mm adapters, which are optionally available such as QStim Adapter.
14.5 mm inflated ³
If applicable, break the nozzle at the remaining break-off point.
Excessive flexing may weaken or break the tip.
To avoid dielectric discharge and leakage currents, adapters need to be connected to the external device or connection cable before the catheter is connected to the adapter.
This IFU only describes the "Pump Settings" options.
There were no significant differences in the proportions of adverse events grouped by type of AE (intraoperative, postopeartive operative site, or systemic) or overall across investigational (COM) and control (MOM) treatment groups (see Table 11 below).
• Normal operating mode only with a maximum whole body (WB) averaged specific absorption rate (SAR) of 2 W/kg for 15 minutes of scanning for patient landmarks above the umbilicus (patient navel).
Typical battery life is 1 year, based on average use.
The catheter is not recommended for use in the ventricles.
Highly alkaline conditions (pH > 11) can damage products (esp. aluminum parts).
This data can be exported (copied to a USB flash drive and deleted from the generator) by performing the steps in Section,.
Removal of ectopic bone and old bone cement
"ON"/"OFF" (pressure actuated)
The DePuy ASR™ acetabular components and are indicated for uncemented press fit fixation.
When using anterior thoracic/lumbar screw fixation systems, staples, staple washers and washers are available to optimize proper staple/screw/rod alignment and stability.
After solid fusion occurs, these devices serve no functional purpose and may be removed.
For left atrial wall ablations close to the esophagus:
Visually inspect the product for visible soil.
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Caution: The overall rating given on the nameplate must not be exceeded.
Image out of focus
The DePuy LPS System is intended for use in replacement of the mid-shaft portion of the femur, proximal, distal and/or total femur, and proximal tibia, especially in cases that require extensive resection and replacement.
The Laparoscope is intended for use in general laparoscopic surgery.
If error messages repeatedly appear, stop using the generator and contact Customer Support.
You can only select a profile if more than one profile is loaded in the pump.
Power can be increased if clinically effective ablation isn't achieved within 20 seconds (no electrogram reduction and/or no impedance drop).
Refer to the VAPR VUE User Manual for instructions on how to activate using the footswitch (wired or wireless).
Surgeons should not begin the clinical use of any hip prosthesis before they have thoroughly familiarized themselves with its specific implantation technique.
Pushing area to lock and unlock pumps from Link+
The ceramic femoral heads are made of either alumina (AI2O3) or Delta (ZTA) and are available in a range of neck length extensions.
Install a syringe.
Remove the GRYPHON Anchor from its package using standard sterile techniques.
Before using the Link+ Agilia system, read all accompanying documents provided with Link+ Agilia, Agilia IV pumps, associated software and accessories.
Previous THA in contralateral hip is greater than one (1) year post-operative and has a Harris Hip pain rating less than Mild.
nMARQ™ Catheter Interface Cable
up to 18 kg / 39.6 lbs
Performing the conditioning cycle on a daily or weekly basis only shortens the usable life of the battery and does not assist in maintaining the battery.
Note: A dull stripper can be the most likely cause of a distal tip flare.
1. Do not use in the proximity of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) equipment because the MRI equipment may induce movement or heating of the catheter.
TH.2xxx.xxx / 21xx.xxx / 22xx.xxx
The metaglene component is HA coated and is intended for cementless use with the addition of screws for fixation.
Reprocessing may lead to changes in material characteristics such as deformation and material degradation, which may affect the strength of the device and compromise device performance.
Link+ Agilia is the rack system that will provide power and data communication to connected Agilia IV pumps.
Total hip arthroplasty with this product is indicated for patients with primary and secondary arthritis and good bone quality.
There were 175 subjects from the Subset Cohort in the Safety Dataset with an evaluable 24 month Harris Hip score (excluding subjects who had bilateral THA during the study period); treatment group means were 93.7 (I) and 97.0 (C) as shown in Table 23.
Use High Flow FMS arthroscopic sheaths.
COMPONENT COMPATIBILITY - P.F.C. TIBIAL WEDGES:
BIOCRYL RAPIDE® (BR) (PLGA/ß-TCP)
For components supplied sterile, the sterilisation method is indicated on the outer package label.
RECOMMENDED RF APPLICATION PARAMETERS WHEN USING WITH THE nMARQ™ MULTI-CHANNEL RF GENERATOR
Pump lock / release mechanism lever
• During use check the position of the Cannulated Device Guide wires frequently using an image intensifier (fluoroscopy) to prevent unintended guide wire advancement and penetration into the surrounding tissues.
50 è 400
Refer to the lubricating agent labeling for preparation and use instructions.
DMR CATHETER:DEFLECTABLE BRAIDED TIP
Information about electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) 18
Each locking mechanism and labels on both sides
5.4.3 Advanced Settings:
Use of a compatible irrigation pump is recommended to assure proper irrigation flow rate.
6.1.1 Setting or Changing Pump Defaults
When installing or mounting stationary carrier systems, to avoid risk of injury to patients or others or damage to medical devices, please ensure that adequate space is left between the carrier system and any equipment containing electric drive systems (e.g. hospital beds).
The medical device may only be used as intended by a qualified cardiologist or heart surgeon, senior physician, head physician or assistant physician.
4. Insert the distal tip of the PEEK or BR anchor into the bone hole while maintaining the same axial alignment.
Equipment cart compact-cart, 30 U - 40 U
Additionally, two asymmetric curve types are available providing two 180° opposed, single plane curves.
In the event of a fault, the green operating LED flashes with a frequency of 0.5 Hz, and the acoustic alarm sounds with the same frequency.
If there is any doubt about an unintended increase in RF energy or the proper functioning of the remote control's touch screen, Data Entry Knob, or foot pedal, or the functioning of the generator during RF delivery, immediately stop the RF energy delivery by pressing the Stop button on the remote control or generator, releasing the foot pedal, or pressing the On/Off button on the remote control or generator.
You can display drug library information as follows:
Do not activate the electrode while any portion of the electrode tip is in contact with metal objects or instruments; avoid ablating tissue that is trapped between the arthroscope and the electrode.
If protective wrapping is supplied, it should be kept in place until the precise time of placement of the implant.
Toggle the light source on and off.
Do not allow the liquid component to come into contact with rubber or latex gloves.
Foreign particles at the metal/plastic articular interface may cause excessive wear or an adverse physiologic response.
Before pressing the RUN/STOP pad to start the pump, adjust the joint pressure set-point on the display.
Recirculation Time set points
If several devices are connected to the generator and to each other, they should be as safe, both individually and together, as specified in IEC/EN 60601-1 and its sub-standards and IEC/EN 6060112. All devices and accessories, when located within the patient area, must comply with IEC/EN 606011 and its sub-standards.
Two of these six went on to have additional dislocations of their prosthetic hips.
The prog symbol is displayed.
For safe and effective use of CRANIOPLASTIC ™ resin, the surgeon must have specific training, experience, and thorough familiarity with the properties, handling characteristics, and application of the CRANIOPLASTIC ™ resin.
To assess the electromagnetic environment due to fixed RF transmitters, an electromagnetic site survey should be considered. If the measured field strength in the location in which the SmartAblate™ RF Generator is used exceeds the applicable RF compliance level above, the SmartAblate™ RF Generator should be observed to verify normal operation.
Figure 1 Figure 2
Further information on the use of the SmartMix Cemvac pre-packed with SmartSet GHV Gentamicin Bone Cement can be obtained from the manufacturer.
Please note, that it is important to observe the maximum load rating (see chapter 8).
Load the wrapped Microstat Handpiece with cleaning wire in a pre-vacuum steam sterilizer and follow the parameters for sterilization listed in.
DePuy ASR™ acetabular components are only intended for use with either a DePuy ASR™ femoral component, or a DePuy ASR™ XL femoral component, or a DePuy ASR™ XL Anatomic femoral component
Consult the manufacturer's instructions for use for more information.
Electrode # - power is too low
UHMWPE tibial inserts may be removed after they have been snapped in place.
Therefore, temperature measurement is suitable only for limiting overheating.
The problems commonly encountered during revision surgery may include difficulty in placement of the incision, removal of ectopic bone and old bone cement, positioning and fixation of components and/or obtaining adequate bony support for the implant.
The DePuy Mitek MILAGRO® ADVANCE PEEK Interference Screw is a non-absorbable, tapered, cannulated, threaded fastener for use in interference fixation of soft tissue grafts or bone-tendon grafts.
Using a SoundStar® Catheter that has been stored in an open or damaged package can result in patient injury.
The pump may be operated in either DUO or SOLO mode:
Then, check the tightness of the knobs at both sides of the headgear for the tension necessary to maintain the preferred location of the faceshield in relation to the wearer's face.
See Chapter,, for a detailed listing of the system components and accessories.
Do Not Resterilize /
Physically connect all applicable devices to the generator.
Note: This step is only available with custom profiles that contain a drug library.
SOLO mode is activated by pressing the SOLO pad on the control panel.
CH-2400 Switzerland
Step 1: Microspheres Preparation
First, switch on the isolating transformer and then the connected consumers.
Avoid crushing or crimping damage from surgical instruments such as forceps or needle holders.
THE SURGEON SHOULD DISCUSS ALL PHYSICAL AND MENTAL LIMITATIONS PARTICULAR TO THE PATIENT AND ALL ASPECTS OF THE SURGERY AND THIS PROSTHESIS WITH THE PATIENT AND/OR THE PATIENT'S FAMILY BEFORE SURGERY.
• Foreign body reaction to pins or other components;
3.10 Excluded from the final electrical inspection of system components and accessories
See the Carto® 3 EP Navigation System user manual for location and reference applications.
Purge all air from the 20 ml syringe containing microspheres.
Press the Stop button to stop the pump.
Connect the irrigation pump tubing to a room temperature, heparinized (1 u heparin/ml) normal saline bag using standard safe hospital practices.
© 2015 DePuy Synthes.
STOCKERT GmbH, Bötzinger Straße 72, D-79111 Freiburg, Germany
100 kHz repetition frequency
THERE IS NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ON THE PRODUCT(S) DESCRIBED HEREIN. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BIOSENSE WEBSTER, INC., OR ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED BY SPECIFIC LAW.
The femoral components are available in right and left configurations and in sizes ranging from small to large +.
The user can set the maximum and minimum impedance cut-offs.
PERMACORD ™ Blue Braided Polyethylene Surgical Suture is a non-absorbable, sterile surgical suture composed of dyed ultra high molecular weight polyethylene.
Calibration of disposable fibers is not required.
Refer to the product inserts packaged with stems, sleeves, shells or liners, for indications of the S-ROM Total Hip System.
All stems of the Corail Hip System have a 12/14 Articul'eze Mini Taper and are compatible with all DePuy heads with 12/14 - 5°43 tapers.
Water or soapy water is recommended for cleaning.
See Section ‎8, Troubleshooting.
DESCRIPTIONS AND SPECIFICATIONS APPEARING IN BIOSENSE WEBSTER, INC. PRINTED MATTER, INCLUDING THIS PUBLICATION, ARE INFORMATIONAL ONLY AND MEANT SOLELY TO GENERALLY DESCRIBE THE PRODUCT AT THE TIME OF MANUFACTURE AND ARE NOT MADE OR GIVEN AS A WARRANTY OF THE PRESCRIBED PRODUCT IN ANY WAY
GW.04xx.xxx / 05xx.xxx / 06xx.xxx
<cf complexscriptsfont="Arial" complexscriptssize="10">The CORAIL</cf><cf complexscriptssize="10">®</cf><cf complexscriptsfont="Arial" complexscriptssize="10"> Revision Stem is compatible only with DePuy Synthes cobalt chromium alloy (Co-Cr-Mo) or ceramic femoral head with a 12/14 taper.</cf>
When calling AMS's Customer Care Center to request an RMA number, please be prepared to provide the following information:
Able to (or capable of) provide consent to participate in the clinical investigation prior to the day of the surgery.
Typically 50 feet
Connection to the nurse call system and removal 34
Use a mallet to impact the distal tip of the instrument into bone until the laser line is flush with bone.
Drug or alcohol addiction, or limiting neuropathic disease.
REFER TO THE STOCKERT EP-SHUTTLE RF GENERATOR MANUAL FOR PROPER CONNECTION OF THE CATHETER TO THE GENERATOR, AND FOR DETAILED INSTRUCTION FOR GENERATOR OPERATION OF RF ABLATION.
(See Section,, for instructions on selecting the active pump).
Link system definition
Deep Profile +6 (G)
Do not carry the Foot Pedal by the cable only.
PUREVUE™ HD Camera Head
Appropriate clinical instruction in the use of the nMARQ™ Crescent Iririgated Catheter should also be completed.
When properly positioned, the acetabular cup should rest firmly on the spacers.
Go to Archived Cases Screen
The Video Settings Screen (Figure 18) allows you to change Video settings for each Specialty. and each Surgeon.
USB PC status LED
Cement extrusion into soft tissue.
Cement Restrictors and Cementralizers:
Series 2 (C)
Do not position the COOLFLOW® Irrigation Pump such that it will prevent access to, and operation of, the On/Off switch and power cord plug.
for implants manufactured from metal only:
The generator and the connected group of devices and accessories is referred to in the following warnings as the "system."
Inspect prior to sterilization.
All components related to the EXPRESSEW II and EXPRESSEW III Flexible Suture Passers are covered by warranty for a period of one year from the original purchase date.
If the catheter is connected through an additional system such as a navigation system, try replacing the system parts that are between the generator and the catheter, or connect the catheter directly to the generator.
When the lever is turned out of the neutral position, the tip deflects in the same direction as the lever.
Use only trials specifically designed for use with the ATTUNE Revision LPS Insert to help ensure accurate surgical implantation, soft tissue balancing, and evaluation of knee function.
By design, when a temporary change is made to a preset, the generator displays an asterisk after the preset name.
Do not use near MRI equipment since movement or heating of the catheter may occur and the image on the display may become distorted.
Prepare a cleaning detergent per detergent manufacturer instructions.
VBD QUICK STICK
The use of SmartSet GHV Gentamicin Bone Cement is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to gentamicin, or to any other of the cement components.
Closeup of the CoolFlow® Irrigation Pump Control Panel.
The controls will return to default button control mode every time the handpiece is reconnected to the pump or when the pump is re-started.
The flow rate measured with the flow restriction tube attached should be within 3ml/min of the flow rate measured without.
Indicates either that the pump is off, that the pump is not connected to the generator (when Pumps monitoring is checked), that the monitor is on but the console is off, or that a monitor and console are not connected.
As the liquid monomer is highly volatile and flammable, the operating room should be adequately ventilated to eliminate as much monomer vapour as possible.
Previous knee replacement of the same knee.
Enter a value and press OK to confirm.
The Global Unite humeral stems, suture collars, epiphyseal components and humeral heads are intended for cemented or uncemented total shoulder or hemi-shoulder replacement in treatment of the following:
The surface of the active electrode may remain hot enough to cause burns after the RF current is deactivated.
If other sizes of RTEs are stacked, the locking mechanism will not engage and the RTEs may not stay connected.
• Failure to adequately close off the Flush Ports (Front Handle, Rear Handle) may result in air embolism.
Refer to the respective fiber IFU for acceptability to confirm laser beam quality.
Improper seating of the acetabular prosthesis
Inspect the distal end, proximal end, and light post for scratches, fingerprints, or residual debris by observing reflected light on the surfaces (Refer to Figure).
After cable M581005 is first connected from the generator to the CARTO® 3 System, the temperature that is displayed for the electrode(s) will take 3 minutes to stabilize and accurately reflect the actual temperature of the electrode(s).
After 15 seconds, power may be increased by 5-10 W increments as needed, until a transmural lesion is achieved, defined by > 80% reduction in unipolar atrial electrogram amplitude, or emergence of double potentials of equal and low amplitude.
Connect correct keyboard
2.2 Loading 12
The deflation button and the pump bulb might have been squeezed at the same time.
• 5F or 6F angiographic pigtail catheter
Use of the bone cements is contraindicated in the presence of active or incompletely treated infection, which could involve the site where the cement is applied.
The S-ROM® Total Hip System - Porous-Coated Acetabular Shells (ZT™ I, ZTT II, SuperCup™, Arthopor™ I, Arthopor II and Arthopor II Oblong) are a part of a modular system for use in total hip replacement.
Failure to adhere to the compatibility recommendations will result in poor functions, loosening, wear, fracture, or premature failure.
The removed femoral head should be discarded and under no circumstances be reused.
Depress the area 1 to 2 cm beneath the junction of the distal and middle thirds of the clavicle with the thumb of the nondominant hand and place the index finger of the same hand approximately 2 cm above the sternal notch.
Pump can not be installed or removed from Link
Prior to beginning the procedure, measure the needle as shown in Figure1 to ensure proper needle extension.
For Indications, Contraindications, Warnings and Precautions associated with this use, please refer to the appropriate Fenestrated Screw System Instructions for Use.
Press the RUN/STOP pad.
Read the Instructions For Use in its entirety prior to use of the devices.
Bolus Volume at Occlusion Release
Further information on the use of the SmartMix Cemvac pre-packed with SmartSet HV Bone Cement can be obtained from the manufacturer.
There is insufficient pressure in the system.
Remove the pre-tied sliding knot (suture loop) from the suture card by using the free limb as described in this document; otherwise, the knot may close prematurely and prevent proper closing around the free limb.
The CoolFlowâ Irrigation Pump is to be used at the direction or under the supervision of a physician trained in electrophysiology.
Changing pump settings other than those described in Chapter,, will result in improper functioning and will void the warranty.
Store it in a suitable place.
CRANIOPLASTIC ™ resin is contraindicated in cases of active infection.
Assemble the syringe into the mixing stand and secure.
Figure 7. Proximal Tool
The blister pack, foil pouch and plastic sleeve are affixed and held securely on a card insert that is sealed into a peelable pouch.
9. If the flow rate measured with the flow restriction tube attached is much lower than the flow rate measured without, contact your Biosense Webster Customer Service Representative to arrange for service.
Prior to closure, the surgical site should be thoroughly cleansed of bone chips, ectopic bone, etc.
Results showed that when investigators stayed within their chosen working ranges ≥ 85% of the time during RF applications, there was a significant improvement in the 12 month effectiveness outcome (87.1% vs.
Avoid the crushing or crimping damage due to the application of surgical instruments such as forceps.
Additional contraindications involving the noncemented use of the PCR and Rotating Platform LCS Total Knee device configurations may become apparent at the time of surgery.
Carry out a first soaking bath in a pH-neutral detergent solution for a minimum of 5 minutes.
Controls on the Front of the Generator
In selecting patients for custom implant replacements; the following factors can be of extreme importance to the eventual success of the procedure:
Leakage current from any connected device to the patient must not exceed 10
Impedance measurement range
Moringlane JR., Koch R., Schäfer H., Ostertag ChB.
<cf font="Times New Roman" size="12" complexscriptssize="12" asiantextfont="Times New Roman">Do not use with patients that have open wounds on lower extremities that will come into contact with device.
There is evidence that the potential for deep sepsis following implantation of devices may be reduced by the use of prophylactic antibiotics.
CONTRAINDICATIONS FOR USE
Selecting Ablation Parameters, the Monitor, and the Pump
<cf font="Times New Roman" complexscriptsfont="Times New Roman" complexscriptssize="10" asiantextfont="Times New Roman" bold="off">Only legally marketed, FDA cleared sterilization wrap, pouches, or DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. Reusable Sterilization Containers should be used by the end-user for packaging terminally sterilized devices.
Drill the Tibial tunnel according to standard practice.
Bötzinger Straße 72
Align the RFID Connector with the Antenna.
8. Turn the slotted screw (C) ¼ turn clockwise.
Pinnacle Acetabular Cup Inserts can be used only with Pinnacle Acetabular Shells.
BSC assumes no liability with respect to devices that are reused, reprocessed or resterilized and makes no warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to such devices.
Suggestions Concerning Custom Implants
The femoral stem uses a nominal 12/14 Morse-type taper and is composed of titanium alloy (Ti-6AI-4V).
It is used to contain cement penetration within the medullary canal and enables cement pressurisation prior to and during introduction of the implant.
BIOSTOP™ G is for single use only, and must not be reused.
Unless otherwise specified on the device or its labelling, the measurement accuracy of a device is +/- ½ the smallest unit of measure displayed by the device.
To ensure proper disposal, there is the option of contacting your Biosense Webster representative regarding return of the pump and its accessories
Due to the complexity of the device, pre-cleaned the device in accordance with the Manual Cleaning Instructions section.
Contains or presence of phthalate:
Table 1 shows GRYPHON Anchor indications:
The QStim™-Adapter is intended for use as adapter for temporary pacemakers or EP-measuring systems, so that 2 mm touch-protected plugs can be used.
1. Inspect for damage prior to use.
-5 °C to 50 °C
Contact your facility's IT support to setup your network credentials
Note: Cleaning agent should be pH neutral.
Other disabilities which could compromise the outcome of the procedure.
Distribution of Adverse Events Over Time
<cf size="11" complexscriptssize="11">The DePuy Synthes stemless humeral components are intended for press-fit fixation without the use of bone cement.
(See Section,, for more information.)
The GRYPHON™ Anchor with PERMACORD™ is MR Safe.
Primary articulation occurs between the highly polished, superfinished bearing surfaces of the DePuy ASR™ acetabular component and DePuy ASR™ femoral component (Total articular surface replacement) or the DePuy ASR™ XL femoral component (Total hip arthroplasty) or between the patient's acetabular cavity and the DePuy ASR™ femoral component (Partial articular surface replacement) or DePuy ASR™ XL femoral component (Partial hip arthroplasty).
Turn on light source by pressing the LIght Source Control button on the Home Screen.
Exceeding 20 uses may impair the proper functioning of the cable.
The Microstat Handpiece must be cleaned and sterilized after each use per the reprocessing instructions described in this IFU.
• If the earth-leakage-guard is turned "OFF" in the meantime and the error is not eliminated, when turning the ELG back "ON" the above described procedure begins anew.
5.2.5 Starting and Stopping Video Capture 20
This is a global command that applies the same power setting to all of the selected ring electrodes. You can modify this setting before or during the ablation session. You can override this global power setting for each selected electrode or pair of electrodes (see Section,).
Alert Silence button: When an error is detected by the pump, the error code appears on the LED display and an audible alert is heard. Press this button to silence the audible alert for 2 minutes. The error code remains displayed until the Clear Error button is pressed (see below).
Use trials to determine proper head size.
The textured components have a grit blasted finish to provide for enhanced cement fixation.
• Presence of any vasculature where TANDEM™ Microspheres could pass directly into the central nervous system, central circulatory system or other non-target territories.
Place a single coupler in the instrument tray.
The PentaRay® NAV Catheter is intended for single patient use only.
Link+ is not designed to be used outdoors, in homecare, ambulances, helicopters, aircraft, submarines, boats, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) environments, hyperbaric chambers, explosive or flammable environment or ultrasonic and ionizing radiation (eg:
• If soil is still present, reclean the instrument.
Reconnect the power cord and connect the isolating transformer to the consumers.
Always check the condition of the liquid monomer before performing the procedure.
Red blood cells
b) Carbon Dioxide
The error messages cannot be reset with the acknowledging button.
If the footswitch is not working properly, contact your DePuy Mitek service representative for service.
CAUTION: Using a device with InhibiZone does not change the need to follow normal hospital protocols for prophylactic antibiotic administration.
Global® CAP® CTA Heads are indicated for hemi-shoulder replacement only.
receptacle for generator console cable; On remote monitor:
Patient's natural acetabulum
Total load rating (basic frame)
Use a minimum 3 mm brush diameter, soft lumen brush (plastic bristles, like nylon) to scrub the lumen of each device.
Place the pump at a convenient cart elevation and adjust the default pressure to compensate for the difference in elevation between the fill line of the fill chamber and the patient joint.
2. Subtract 2 cm from the Total Corporal Length to obtain an Adjusted Measurement.
Portable and mobile communication devices may influence the nMARQ™ Multi‑Channel RF Generator and lead to a malfunction in the components.
Immersing the handpiece may result in undesirable damage to the handle.
Pressing and holding any of the arrow keys results in faster increment or decrement.
Begin with the smallest applicable trial.
CHAPTER 3 Operator Controls, Displays and Alerts
Use the partially filled syringe to aspirate all air from the reservoir (Figure 21).
For proper interface of the catheter to PIU and PIU to RF generator, use only Biosense Webster or compatible interface cables.
SURGICAL INSTRUCTIONS - POSTERIOR LIP AUGMENTATION DEVICE
Preparation for Cleaning, Manual Cleaning or Automated Cleaning and Sterilization when reprocessing the instruments.
One manufacturer of flow meters, which have been used in our testing, is Scott Medical Products of Plumsteadville, PA. at (215) 766-8861.
The following are generally the most frequently encountered adverse events and complications in total or hemi hip arthroplasty:
Implants must never be tampered with since bending, contouring, or other modifications may adversely affect the implant causing early failure of the implant.
For the ATTUNE Revision RP Tibial Base Size 2, tibial augments or a tibial sleeve may be used individually, but not in combination.
A'bip' sound is generated by the rack.
Utilization and Implantation:
15W to 28 W*
nanog, microg, mg, g
There are no parts in the TX eco Cable that may be serviced by the user.
The following conditions are contraindications for total knee replacement with a porous coated component:
CORRECT HANDLING OF THE IMPLANT IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT.
Unplug the existing cord from the pump receptacle on the back panel and fully insert the replacement cord plug into the receptacle on the back of the pump.
Method A reduces the length of the solid proximal portion of the cylinders in the shaft of the penis and allows the tubing sleeve to contact a portion of the expandable shafts of the cylinders (Figure 19).
Controls on the Back of the Remote Control
1 tool to fasten clamps on Link+.
Installing the SmartAblate™ Irrigation Tubing Set in the Pump
For transportation please refer to section 4 of this manual.
DO NOT USE POROUS COATED OR POLYETHYLENE COMPONENTS IF THE STERILE PACKAGE APPEARS TO BE DAMAGED.</cf>
Battery pre alarm!!
Also, Item 2 turns red if a solid indifferent electrode becomes disconnected from the generator.
The Inflow Tubing is an accessory to the FMS VUE Fluid Management and Tissue Debridement System.
Increase Light Source
Packaging consists of:
The Biosense Webster Celsiusâ ThermoCoolâ RD Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter is indicated for the treatment of resistant hypertension in patients age 18 or older by enal enervation (RD)when used in conjunction with a radiofrequency generator.
In the event of a simultaneous fault of insulation fault and overtemperature fault, the insulation fault always has priority for the acoustic alarm.
Fixed focal length couplers have a fixed focal lens for fixed magnification.
Connection Cable for Erbe Indifferent Electrode with 4-mm Phone Jack, length:
Ensure that the Light Source activates by touching the Light Source Control button on the Home Screen.
Actuate all movable parts during the rinse.
Shielded Tip Pins
Trochlear implants for the LCS Patellofemoral Replacement System are available in right and left configurations, in sizes ranging from small to large+.
The Biosense Webster PentaRay® NAV High-Density Mapping Catheter is designed to facilitate electrophysiological mapping of the heart with the Carto® 3 EP Navigation System.
Use only DePuy modular femoral heads with DePuy femoral stems.
Shelves can be removed or installed in another position.
Relevant service instructions are provided in DePuy Mitek work instructions.
How to Attach the TSS Retractor Light Strip:
Pump is not activated
Manipulate the limb to check for correct placement of the augmentation device, range of motion and for excessive impingement.
a 100 series, a 300 series, and a Sector series.
Press and hold the Stop button for greater than 4 seconds to activate the Alarm Check Error.
Figure 17. Printer Settings 30
2.1 Completeness 12
For further information related to the use of this instrument please refer to the appropriate surgical technique or contact your DePuy representative or distributor.
(See Section, for information about the system Master.)
For ablation, the catheter is used in conjunction with the nMARQ™Multi-Channel RF Generator.
4.3 Other Accessories 13
Only personnel who have read and understood the content of this IFU may set up and use the TX eco Cable.
To connect an esophageal probe, connect the appropriate cable to the Catheter 2 receptacle on the front of the generator (see Item 5 in Section,). (An esophageal probe cannot be used with the US or JP versions of the generator. The Catheter 2 receptacle is not functional.)
If a PC system does not fulfill the requirements of IEC/EN 60601‑1 / UL 60601-1 and their sub-standards, the distance between the PC system and the patient must be at least 1.83 m (6 ft) and the PC system must fulfill the requirements of IEC 950 / UL 60950-1.
Recommended joint pressures in Table 5 are generally in the range of 50-70 mmHg.
USE OF HAND CONTROLS AND FLOW CONTROL VALVE
Manufactured for DePuy Synthes by:
Do not twist the Rod and do not apply force
8 Accessories 24
MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
Obtain angiographic views of the LAA.
4. To load the EXPRESSEW II or EXPRESSEW III Suture Needle into the Flexible Suture Passer, insert the sharp end of the needle into the rear of the instrument (near handle) with the flag up.
Depending upon the extent of the surgical procedure and the technique employed, one to two doses may be required.
Do Not route pacing to the electrodes of the sheath.
Patient clearly improving on medical therapy.
The Camera Control System is equipped with a terminal for the connection of a Potential Equalization Connector as required by Electrical Safety Standard IEC 60601-1.
For instruments with flexible shafts, flex the instrument while flushing.
This rubber is double covered with polyester or cotton polyester, is not exposed to the surface of the glove, and therefore is not expected to contact the skin.
110665) and FMS DUO+ Operator's Manual (Ref.
The decision to continue endocarditis prophylaxis beyond 6 months is at physician discretion.
The RECLAIM Revision Hip System is designed to be used with DePuy modular metal or ceramic femoral heads, an Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE) or metal* insert, and a metal shell that replaces the natural articular surface of the hip joint.
Where protective covers are</cf>
Place blue tubing on both jaws of the mosquito hemostats to completely cover the serrated surfaces.
Rinse the device and cable in cold running water for a minimum of three (3) minutes.
The second, considerably larger RF electrode is preferably a skin-adhesive electrode.
The loading dose is only available with the first start of an infusion.
The tip electrode serves to deliver RF energy from the RF generator to the desired ablation site.
The cleaning and sterilization methods have been validated for the light cables.
1.4 Unipolar Application Method 3
Skeletally mature (tibial and femoral epiphyses are closed) and 20 - 75 years of age at the time of surgery,
The Link Agilia is designed to be mounted on Rolling stand.
Foreign material may impede proper engagement of the device.
Do not use this device in the presence of explosive gases.
To turn the pump on, press the On/Off button. The SmartAblate™ System logo appears on the screen, the Alarm indicator and the air bubble indicator lights turn on red (see Items 7 and 16 in Section,), and an audible tone is emitted briefly. If the logo does not disappear after 3 seconds, or if the indicators do not light, or if the tone cannot be heard, there could be a problem (see Section,).
Serious adverse effects may necessitate surgical intervention
Date of Amendment: October 2017
Immediately after powering on the pump, make sure that all LED lights blink.
There are two FLOW+ modes:
Maximum Pre-op HH Deformity
DePuy ASR™ femoral components require only minimal removal of healthy bone from the patient's own femoral head in order to implant the prosthesis.
Inflow Tubing for FMS VUETM Fluid Management and Tissue Debridement System
After use, the applier may be a potential biohazard/sharps hazard and should be handled in accordance with accepted medical practice and applicable local and national requirements.
Measure the needle length.
The power output should be set to the lowest possible setting for the required procedure.
Potential Adverse Effects
The largest available components should be chosen that cover but do not overhang the femur and tibia.
Hold the reservoir in the non-dominant hand and squeeze the air out of the reservoir.
MILAGRO ADVANCE PEEK Interference Screws are MR safe.
The ULTIMA MONK Bi-articular Head and Elite Hemi Head is supplied in a range of sizes.
Near end of dose/time!!
Purge catheter and irrigation tubing with heparinized normal saline.
Press TRANSMIT to test the communication on the mapping system connection port (see Item 9 in Section,). The color in the arrow moves from left to right to indicate that the test is running.
When you save temporarily, "EDITED PRESET*" is displayed above the list of presets and none of the presets in the list is selected. To understand which preset has been temporarily edited, look at the name of the preset on the PRESET workflow button - the name will be followed by an asterisk (*).
After you press Stop, the Ablation screen will appear.
High alkaline conditions (pH > 8) will damage the coupler.
No agents containing acetone may be used to clean the cables.
The P.F.C. Sigma RPF bearings are manufactured from UHMWPE and are reinforced with ASTM F-90 Co-Cr-Mo alloy pins.
Apply polishing paste to a clean cotton swab.
Visually inspect each device for completeness, damage, and excessive wear.
Acetabular Migration <= 2mm
If calibration is desired, follow the instructions in the Surgical Operator's Manual.
• A lesion that is within or adjacent to an aneurysm.
Flush Delivery System with saline, removing all air and maintaining fluid throughout system.
Plug the other end of the standard Erthernet network cable into Hospital network wall socket.
Use a 3.2mm or 1/8" drill with 6.5mm diameter dome screws.
• Patients who receive a device with InhibiZone and are also taking methoxyflourane should be carefully monitored for signs of renal toxicity.
Release the Start button.
Total knee replacement may be considered for younger patients if, in the opinion of the surgeon, an unequivocal indication for total knee replacement outweighs the risks associated with the age of the patient, and if limited demands regarding activity and knee joint loading can be assured.
Label the contents of the wrapped tray using an indelible marker or other sterilization compatible label system.
Internal resistance > 100 kΩ
• Basic frame, total payload 150 kg / 330 lbs
Improper positioning could cause the tube to twist and obstruct the flow of fluid
Contact your DePuy Mitek representative for specific product warranty information.
Doing so may compromise the structural integrity of the dilator or the guidwire, and or lead to the failure of the sheath or guidewire being used.
The catheter needs to be moved carefully to avoid damage, perforation, or tamponade of blood vessels.
<cf font="Arial" size="10" complexscriptssize="10" fontcolour="0x262529">joint replacement.
The catheter is available in a variety of curves (B, D, F, J).
Prepare an enzymatic cleaning solution per the manufacturer's instructions. Soak soiled instrument for 5 minutes.
For information on using the catheter in mapping procedures and for information on appropriate reference devices, refer to the user manual for the CARTO ™ 3 System.
Use the recommended trial components for size determination, trial reduction and range of motion evaluation.
Assigns a default procedure to the surgeon.
• Rupture of the retroperitoneum or other organ
11. Verify that the temperature readings displayed by the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel RF Generator (for each of the catheter's thermocouples) do not exceed normal body temperature (typically 37 °C) after the catheter is inserted into the patient.
500 to 1060 millibars
A visual display indicates handpiece control is activated when Foot Pedal is connected (Figure 5b).
After use, this product may be a potential biohazard.
The device will display "Error message" if the drug library is not compatible with the device.
The measurement of tissue impedance (the electrical resistance of tissue) is designed for two purposes:
Inspect the coupler for damaged or sharp edges, missing or loose components, and moisture inside the coupler.
Separation (m) 150kHz to 80MHz D=(3.5/V1)( √ P)
B Revised 02/2016
Only legally marketed, FDA cleared sterilization wrap, pouches, or DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. Reusable Sterilization Containers should be used by the end-user for packaging terminally sterilized devices.
Please select electrodes for ablating
In selecting patients for custom implant replacements, the following factors can be of extreme importance to the eventual success of the procedure:
The products listed in this IFU do not have specific compatibility (i.e. assembly with or articulation against) with other DePuy products.
Do not submerge the reservoir in saline.
Minimum Pre-op HH Deformity
Power cycle the device using the rear mains power switch.
I am aware that personal data may also be disclosed as required by individual regulatory agencies or applicable law, such as to report serious adverse events.
The function test is finished.
© DePuy Synthes Mitek Sports Medicine, a division of DOI 2013-2014.
Hardware Error 1... 8
Acute traumatic fracture of the femoral head or neck.
The catheter is sterilized with ethylene oxide gas and should be used by the "Use By" date on the device package.
Print all images in the print queue.
Turn off the console and monitor and restart the system.
Writing calibration data to Flash memory failed!
If the catheter is removed due to a generator cutoff, inspect the ring electrodes for char or coagulum and verify patency.
Inspect the instrument prior to sterilization.
Do not allow the roughened or coated portion of a prosthesis to come in contact with cloth or other fiber- releasing materials.
Guidance and MANUFACTURER'S declaration - Immunity ME Equipment and ME Systems that are NOT Life-supporting
Accessories may have specific conditions of warranty.
Outflow and Intermediary tubing is for single use only and must be ­discarded after each procedure.
• Low-level disinfection must be used as part of a washer/disinfector cycle, but the devices must also be sterilized before use.
<cf font="Arial" size="10" complexscriptssize="10" fontcolour="0x262529">way.
4 minutes 20 minutes
Ensure that the Camera Control System is positioned so that access to power main is not obstructed.
(4) 13 cm Lengths of Tubing
Manual Cleaning must be performed prior to Automated Cleaning for all instruments complex devices (i.e. lumens, articulating devices, flexible segments, and springs)
The implants are intended for fixation of suture to bone.
The powder component is a white, finely divided powder, composed of polymethyl methacrylate polymer.
The velocity is significantly reduced when knocked down by bedplates, cables as well as hoses.
2. Fracture-dislocations of the proximal humerus where the articular surface is severely comminuted, separated from its blood supply or where the surgeon's experience indicates that alternative methods of treatment are unsatisfactory.
Field strengths from fixed transmitters, such as base stations for radio (cellular/cordless) telephones and land mobile radios, amateur radio, AM and FM radio broadcast and TV broadcast cannot be predicted theoretically with accuracy.
(b) If a catheter shall be inserted with guidewire, remove the guidewire of the introducer system first and replace it by the guidewire belonging to the catheter.
Deflate the cylinders by squeezing the pump's deflate button for 4 seconds.
The cable and connector surfaces should be wiped clean with soap and water.
Leave 1 inch of free space between the instrument tray and the inside of the container lid for effective processing.
Output terminal - connector
Implants of the SUMMIT SI OCT Spinal System and MOUNTAINEER OCT Spinal System are supplied clean and not sterile.
This saline port serves to permit the injection of normal saline to irrigate the ring electrodes along the loop.
Make sure the pump tubing is connected as described in Section 5.
Ensure that there is enough space for Circulating Nurses to access the pump controls.
TMM (Max Temp)
The information contained in this manual is based upon the most current information available at the time of printing.
The BSC reusable tools may be safely and effectively reprocessed using the manual or automated cleaning instructions and sterilization parameters provided.
VAS Pain Score:
In addition, an external power switch, which is optionally located in the rail of the mobile equipment carrier, can be connected in series via an interface.
Loosening of the components can result in increased production of wear particles, as well as accelerate damage to the bone, making successful revision surgery more difficult.
These contraindications are in addition to those stated within the packaged Instructions For Use.
Addendum To The Instructions For Use English Page 2
In manual mode, if the temperature is below 32°C for non-irrigated catheters or below 10°C for irrigated catheters (the "THERMOCOOL" and "TCool SF" selections on the generator) and the user tries to start an ablation with the foot pedal, the display will flicker between two messages:
Vacuum or blow at a 45° angle to the surface any dust or other debris from the cable receptacles.
Connect the catheter to the CARTO ™ 3 System Patient Interface Unit (PIU) with the appropriate Biosense Webster cables.
The hospital staff is responsible for determining and monitoring the flow rate and replacing the fluid bag as needed to avoid insufficient flow of the irrigation solution.
DB9-M to DB9-F Extender Cable
This Release Note provides tips for the avoidance of potential events when working with the EP-SHUTTLE, STOCKERT 70, STOCKERT J50 or STOCKERT J70 RF generators with SW versions 1.035 / 1.035J / 1.035J70 to 1.037 / 1.037J70.
Input terminal - connector
Figure 1. Fixed focal length Coupler
• If the cylinders still won't inflate, remove them and replace.
For those models with suction channel s, attach proper suction tubing to the port at the proximal end of the handle.
A clinical trial was undertaken to demonstrate that the AMS 700™ Penile Prosthesis product line provides an erection that is suitable for intercourse and has acceptable rates of surgical revision and of significant clinical events associated with the implantation and use of these devices.
CX/LGX RTEs are not compatible with CXR cylinders.
For proper fixation, 1-2 hours or longer may be required, as determined by the patient's medical condition and the attending physician.
The GLOBAL UNITE Reverse Fracture Epiphyseal Component is only intended for use in the treatment of proximal humeral fractures.
Doing so may compromise the structural integrity of the device and/or lead to device failure
D - ORTHOSORB Pins & Applicator Tubes
Methylmethacrylate is a volatile and flammable material and classed as a hazardous substance.
Do not activate the probe for unnecessary and prolonged periods as irrigant overheating and tissue damage may result.
At the Connections screen, review the device connections.
Remove power cable.
The Biosense Webster ThermoCool® SF NAV Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter is a steerable multi-electrode, luminal catheter with a deflectable tip designed to facilitate electrophysiological mapping of the heart and to transmit radiofrequency (RF) current to the catheter tip dome electrode for ablation purposes.
Video cable not connected to display
Pushing forward on the catheter thumbknob deflects the tip; pulling back on the thumbknob straightens the tip.
A bolus is an extra dose that a pump can deliver during an infusion.
Sound Notify Volume
Media Settings 33
Disconnect the used One-Way Valve and immediately connect the new Intermediary Tube with the One-Way Valve.
The temperature sensors are embedded in the large tip electrode and electrical connection to the sensor is made via an accessory cable.
D = 1.2 P, for a frequency of 150 kHz to 80 MHz
The ATTUNE Revision CRS RP Tibial Insert is not compatible with the ATTUNE Primary RP Tibial Base.
• Doxorubicin (solution, 2 mg / ml) minimum loading time is 120 minutes
Connect printer that is compatible with Camera Control System.
STERILE see product label for method
1. PEEK (Polyetheretherketone).
Improper implantation of a penile prosthesis may not provide rigidity to the glans, which may result in a floppy glans and may result in a lack of rigidity of the corpus spongiosum.
Use a soft bristle scrub brush (plastic bristles, like nylon) to remove all traces of blood and debris from the device surfaces.
Contact your DePuy Mitek representative.
5) Infection can lead to failure of the joint replacement.
2. Care should be taken when handling the clamps to prevent cutting or ripping surgical gloves.
Concentrated vapours of the liquid component may have an adverse reaction with contact lenses.
9 Generator Operation | Page
Verify that the arthroscopic sheath allows sufficient flow.
The COOLFLOW® Irrigation Tubing Set consists of a drip chamber with IV spike for connection to an IV bag; a pump head section with integrated air-in-line detectors and custom features for mounting to the COOLFLOW® Irrigation Pump; and a patient end that terminates in a standard luer lock connector. A 3-way male luer, large bore stopcock is recommended for use, but is not included.
Therefore, the incidence of surgeries after original implant would likely be underreported, if one were to rely solely on the PIF data.
Selecting the Infusion Rate (Flow Rate or Dose)
Figure 2. Rotate the Bullet clockwise so the back side of the movable housing can be brushed and cleaned
6.4 SOLO Mode (Irrigation and Handpiece Control) 28
The optic communication cable is disconnected or damaged.
1 ORTHOSORB Resorbable Tapered Pin attached to a K-wire drill (1.3 mm in diameter).
Patient dissatisfaction may lead to device removal.
No pressure measuring device is connected during the time and bolus volume measure.
The catheter can now be reintroduced into the patient.
The working time at 73ºF (23ºC) is 5 - 12 minutes from the start of mix).
The InhibiZone antibiotic treatment process is intended to elute antibiotics from the AMS 700 Device when exposed to a warm, moist environment.
The outer shell is available in a range of diameters to fit the patient's natural acetabulum and a choice of neck length extensions.
Use is contraindicated where patients have had or will have prophylactic radiotherapy to suppress heterotopic bone formation due to possible osteonecrosis.
• Patients that present with a lesion that cannot be completely dilated with an angioplasty balloon or do not allow for proper placement of a stent.
This is clearly marked on the packaging.
Carefully examine each component and its packaging for any signs of damage that may have occurred during shipping or handling.
Coaxial flow provides cooling and protection of the fiber tip during laser activation and multiple passes in an out of the endoscope.
Sterile unless package is opened or damaged.
• known drug or alcohol addiction,
Grounding Cable, length:
Table - Description of the Individual Power Settings
Pictures or video not storing on video capture device
Use imaging, such as fluoroscopy, to assess the ability of the vertebra to contain the injected spinal cement.
Sterilized For Immediate Use items must be used immediately, not stored for later use.
Inspect the cable for damage or cuts prior to further cleaning activities.
Apply additional half hitch knots as desired.
A Total Hip Prosthesis is composed of individually packaged metal femoral hip stem, modular metal or ceramic femoral head and 2 piece metal-backed Ultra High Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE), metal*, ceramic** or all UHMWPE acetabular components designed to replace the natural articular surface of the hip joint.
For information on electromagnetic compatibilty,
Warning against hazardous waste!
approx. 3 Watt
The noncemented use of the Rotating Platform and Posterior Cruciate Retaining device configurations of the LCS Total Knee is a technically demanding surgical procedure that requires careful patient selection.
cardiovascular, constitutional symptoms, gastrointestinal, respiratory, and dermatological.
When you select a catheter type, the default for that catheter type is automatically selected.
A total of 10 subjects were withdrawn from this investigation.
Place the smaller sealed pouch in a larger pouch and seal it.
The higher the value, the more yellow exists.
To allow easy disconnection in the event of severe power failure, make sure that the remote control is located where there is easy access to the mains cable on the back of the remote control.
The SmartAblate™ Remote Control must be turned off and the mains cable must be disconnected from the remote control before cleaning and disinfecting the remote control.
WARNING: If gross movement of either the Proximal or Distal Filter is noted, check to ensure filters remain apposed to the vessel walls by fluoroscopy.
Active or incompletely treated infection.
If the problem persists, use a different indifferent electrode or a different cable.
CONFIDENCE High Viscosity Spinal Cement should not be used during the first third of pregnancy, and during the rest of the pregnancy period should only be used in life-threatening illnesses.
DePuy warrants to the original purchaser of the ProVision Single Battery Charger that if any part thereof proves to be defective within one year of purchase it will be repaired or replaced free of charge.
• Quality femoral bone stock is critical to ensure proximal fixation of the femoral stem.
These Release Notes provide information for troubleshooting potential issues that may occur due to known limitations of the SmartAblate™ RF Generator.
Start a procedure at 15-20 W.
Insert the nMARQ™ Circular Irrigated Catheter into the tip tool such that the tapered end of the tip tool is flush with the distal tip of the catheter.
Place hands in the open areas between the two pieces of packaging foam on both sides of the console until you can securely grasp the underside of the pump.
• Quick Connect Window Connectors, provided in the AMS 700 Accessory Kit, should not be used in revision procedures involving previously implanted component tubing.
The DePuy Mitek FMS VUE System is contraindicated in any non-arthroscopic surgical procedure and is for use with saline irrigation only.
USB 2.0 OTG Slave role only
In order to achieve optimal force reading accuracy and stability, allow the catheter to warm up for 15 minutes after connection to the Carto® 3 System, and 5 minutes after insertion into the body prior to use of the force feedback feature.
IN THE US ALL OTHER POROUS COATED COMPONENTS HAVE BEEN CLEARED FOR CEMENTED USE ONLY.
10.3 Load capacity pro-cart
Wait a few seconds before restarting ablation.
The SoundStar® Catheter is validated for use only with certain ultrasound systems, and the compatible Carto® 3 EP Navigation Systems with ultrasound capability.
When using the nMARQ™ Multi-Channel Generator, start a procedure at 15 to 20 W.
A visual alarm is blinking in red on the Link+ alarm centralization display
The use of DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. Reusable Sterilization Containers are limited to use in the United States only, and are not approved for use outside of the United States.</cf>
These inspections may be performed on a less frequent basis depending on the duration and frequency of use.
Several country kits are available.
immersing proximal handle or cable connector in fluids
Right Arrow Button (►)
Insufficient quantity or quality of bone to permit stabilization of the fracture complex.
LCD screen not functioning
M ® O
Carefully apply the indifferent electrode to the contact area:
mmHg / kPa / PSI
End of infusion settings are configurable with software (custom profiles), or in the pump options (Basic Profile).
The COOLFLOW® Irrigation Pump is a peristaltic pump designed for the delivery of irrigation solutions when used in conjunction with Biosense Webster approved tubing sets, such as the COOLFLOW® Tubing Set, and an irrigation device.
• Implantation of a penile prosthesis may result in penile curvature or scarring.
This document is written for professional medical audiences.
00h01 è 24h00
<cf font="Times New Roman" complexscriptsfont="Times New Roman" complexscriptssize="10" asiantextfont="Times New Roman">Lubricate moving parts with water soluble lubricant per the manufactures instructions.
Trim both ends of the pin flush to the bone surfaces to avoid mechanical irritation.
Contact your DePuy Synthes representative.
Advise the patient not to make sudden movements.
Advise the patient not to inflate the device for long periods of time when not in use.
6.4.4 Ablation Summary 54
For metal components only (excluding those with ceramic coatings):
Temporary inferior subluxation (This condition generally disappears as muscle tone is regained).
After the card is read, there will be a prompt to "Attach Device."
During ablation, heparinized normal saline is passed through the internal lumen of the catheter and through the irrigation holes of the ring electrodes, to irrigate and cool the ablation sites as well as the ring electrodes.
TO EXCEED THE 1/4" RECOMMENDATION MAY RESULT IN FIBER BREAKAGE.
Relative contraindications may exist for patients with prior irradiation of the subclavian vein, severe scoliosis and chest trauma.
Foot pedal with electrical cable
Bundle of His cardiography or
Inspection And Functional Testing
100 - 240 V ± 10%, 50 / 60 Hz
Carto® - no connection
General Public License
The (lighthouse) symbol refers to custom profiles that contain drug libraries and have been configured with software.
Position the connection cables of the ablation electrodes in such a way that they do not touch either the patient or other cables.
6.8.3.1 Connecting the Remote Hand Control 41
Battery Charge Status Indicator
Each unit pack contains the following:
Federal () law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
DePuy Ireland UC's Single Use devices have not been designed to undergo or withstand any form of alteration, such as disassembly, cleaning or re-sterilization, after a single patient use.
Use of an insert with a non-matching hip head size will result in higher stresses, accelerated wear and early failure.
The SmartAblate™ RF Generator internally receives RF electromagnetic energy for the purpose of its operation.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Remedy
If a snug fit is obtained, the trial number is noted and an UHMWPE cement restrictor with the identical number is presented into the sterile field.
Instructions for Use and Reprocessing Instructions
A surgeon should not begin clinical use of the GRYPHON Anchor with PERMACORD without reviewing the Instructions for Use and practicing the procedure in a skills laboratory.
Use a 50ml syringe, or equivalent, filled to capacity with cleaning solution to flush the lumen of each device.
Italian Page 25
There are no known clinical sequelae to this phenomenon.
Appropriate clinical instruction in the use of the ThermoCool® SF Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter should also be completed.
In addition, use of small femoral components in patients who are young, physically active, heavy or overweight may result in subsequent revision surgery.
Insert the GreenLight HPS fiber optic into the fiber port on the laser system and turn it ¼ turn clockwise, until it locks.
The mode button on the electrode handle can only change ablation power.
Press to interrupt the bolus.
2. Do not manually pre-shape the distal shaft of the catheter by applying external forces intended to bend or affect the intended shape or curve of the catheter.
5.7 End of Operation 29
This section describes the programming of an infusion with the Simple Rate infusion mode.
**At ambient temperature.
134-137 °C
These LCS Complete Knee TiN Coating prostheses have not been tested for heating or migration in the MR environment.
The Biosense Webster ThermoCool® SF Diagnostic/Ablation Deflectable Tip Catheter is intended for single patient use only.
Connect the power supply to the monitor and to the power splitter on the cart.
Only the control element of the optional insulation monitor ELG may be connected here.
